Parallel Integer Sorting and Simulation Amongst CRCW Models.
Pattern Matching in Trees and Nets.
NP-complete Problems Simplified on Tree Schemas.
On the Power of Chain Rules in Context Free Grammars.
Schnelle Multiplikation von Polynomen &uuml;ber K&ouml;rpern der Charakteristik 2.
A characterization of rational D0L power series.
The Derivation of Systolic Implementations of Programs.
Fifo Nets Without Order Deadlock.
On the Complementation Rule for Multivalued Dependencies in Database Relations.
Equational weighted tree transformations.
Merged processes: a new condensed representation of Petri net behaviour.
Verifying a simplification of mutual exclusion by Lycklama-Hadzilacos.
A Three-Stage Construction for Multiconnection Networks.
The Expressive Power of Delay Operators in SCCS.
Calculi for Interaction.
A Synthesis of Several Sorting Algorithms.
A Workload Model Representative of Static and Dynamic Characteristics.
Gray visiting Motzkins.
Trace- and failure-based semantics for responsiveness.
Branching Processes in the Analysis of the Heights of Trees.
Least Upper Bound on the Cost of Optimum Binary Search Trees.
The Mathematical Analysis of the Computer System Modeled as a Two Stage Cyclic Queue.
Invariants, Composition, and Substitution.
Maximum Entropy and the <i> G/G/1/N </i> Queue.
Abstraction and Performance in the Design of Parallel Programs: An Overview of the SAT Approach.
A theory of structural stationarity in the <i>pi</i> -Calculus.
Hex ist PSPACE-vollst&auml;ndig.
Evolutionary Systems: A Language Generating Device Inspired by Evolving Communities of Cells.
Relational structures model of concurrency.
On an Equivalence between Continuation and Stack Semantics.
Nonterminals Versus Homomorphisms in Defining Languages for Some Classes of Rewriting Systems.
A Note on the Density of Inherently Ambiguous Context-free Languages.
Time Lower Bounds for Parallel Sorting on a Mesh-Conected Processor Array.
Computational Algorithms for Networks of Queues with Rejection Blocking.
Compositional Refinements in Multiple Blackboard Systems.
Special issue on "Combining Compositionality and Concurrency": part 1.
Automatic verification of concurrent systems using a formula-based compositional approach.
On Removing the Machine from the Language.
Complete Problems for Space Bounded Subclasses of NP.
Efficient controller synthesis for a fragment of MTL<sub>0,&#8734;</sub>.
Two Notions of Correctness and Their Relation to Testing.
Best Huffman Trees.
Behandlung verschiedener INTEGER-Darstellungen durch optimierende Compiler.
The Parsing Problem for Affix Grammars.
On Efficient Entreeings.
Persistence of Vector Replacement Systems is Decidable.
Implementing Daubechies Wavelet Transform with Weighted Finite Automata.
Functional Behavior in Data Spaces.
Inductive Completion with Retracts.
Sometime = Always + Recursion = Always on the Equivalence of the Intermittent and Invariant Assertions Methods for Proving Inevitability Properties of Programs.
Complete Parameterized Families of Job Scheduling Strategies.
Modelling higher-order dual nondeterminacy.
Dispatcher Primitives for the Construction of Operating System Kernels.
A Note on Multihead Automata and Context-Sensitive Languages
A Recursive Second Order Initial Algebra Specification of Primitive Recursion.
Context-Free Graph Languages of Bounded Degree are Generated by Apex Graph Grammars.
Worst Case Performance of Weighted Buddy Systems.
Contextual Nets.
COSY - A System Specification Language Based on Paths and Processes.
Applying relation algebra and Rel View to solve problems on orders and lattices.
Eliminating Unit Productions from LR Parsers.
Attribute (Re)evaluation in OPTRAN.
On Parallel Integer Sorting.
Domain Independence and the Relational Calculus.
Multi-Granularity Locking for Nested Transactions: A Proof Using a Possibilities Mapping.
Bounded Quantification and Relations Recognizable by Finite Automata.
A Complete Algebraic Characterization of Behavioral Subtyping.
Efficient execution of dynamically controllable simple temporal networks with uncertainty.
Minimum Feedback Vertex Sets in Cocomparability Graphs and Convex Bipartite Graphs.
Behavioural Approaches to Algebraic Specifications: A Comparative Study.
Instruction sequence processing operators.
What is Failure? An Approach to Constructive Negation.
STG decomposition strategies in combination with unfolding.
Quad Trees: A Data Structure for Retrieval on Composite Keys.
On the Number of Relational Operators Necessary to Compute Certain Functions of Real Variables.
A Study of Queueing Networks with Deterministic Service and Application to Computer Networks.
Explaining the Wheel Sieve.
Another Polynomial Homomorphism.
Variance Reduction Techniques for the Simulation of Markov Process.
State complexity of deletion and bipolar deletion.
Decomposition of Graphs and Monotone Formula Size of Homogeneous Functions.
Deterministic pushdown-CD-systems of stateless deterministic R(1)-automata.
On the Synchronization in Parallel Communicating Grammar Systems.
Weakly Context-Sensitive Languages as Model for Programming Languages.
Rules of Inference for Procedure Calls.
The Construction of Operator Interfaces Based on Logical Input Devices.
High Level Tree Transducers and Iterated Pushdown Tree Transducers.
Gobang ist PSPACE-vollst&auml;ndig.
A note on autodense related languages.
Solving HPP and SAT by P Systems with Active Membranes and Separation Rules.
Optimizing the Costs of Hierarchical Quorum Consensus.
Recursive Petri nets.
Multitype Multiprogramming Models.
Automatic Correction of Syntax-Errors in Programming Languages.
Representation and uniformization of algebraic transductions.
Concurrent Bisimulations in Petri Nets.
Enhanced prefetching and caching strategies for single- and multi-disk systems.
Recording the Use of Memory in Right-Boundary Grammars and Push-Down Automata.
State space axioms for T-systems.
Extended multi bottom-up tree transducers.
The Clean Termination of Iterative Programs.
Infinite Proof Rules for Loops.
Nonfinite Axiomatizability of the Equational Theory of Shuffle.
Running a job on a collection of partly available machines, with on-line restarts.
Data Refinement by Calculation.
Program Refinement in Fair Transition Systems.
A Functional Model for Describing and Reasoning About Time Behaviour of Computing Systems.
M-Nets: An Algebra of High-Level Petri Nets, with an Application to the Semantics of Concurrent Programming Languages.
On the Look-Ahead Problem in Lexical Analysis.
The maximum gain of increasing the number of preemptions in multiprocessor scheduling.
Data Encodings and Their Costs.
Hierarchies of Complete Problems.
Ein Vollst&auml;ndigkeitssatz f&uuml;r Programme und Schaltkreise.
Type-based information flow analysis for the pi-calculus.
Sur une Conjecture de S. Greibach.
A Conservation Law for G/G/m Queueing Systems.
Applications of Efficient Mergeable Heaps for Optimization Problems on Trees.
Context-Free Graph Grammars and Concatenation of Graphs.
On a Class of Recursive Procedures and Equivalent Iterative Ones.
Algorithms for Fast Evaluation of Boolean Expressions.
A Comparison of Two Synchronizing Concepts.
How to Calculate Symmetries of Petri Nets.
Nonterminals, Homomorphisms and Codings in Different Variations of OL-Systems. I. Deterministic Systems.
Recognizability of graph and pattern languages.
The Synthesis Problem of Petri Nets.
A Binary Operation on Trees and an Initial Algebra Characterization for Finite Tree Types.
On weighted first-order logics with discounting.
A Characterization of Context-free String Languages by Directed Node-label Controlled Graph Grammars.
Demonic, angelic and unbounded probabilistic choices in sequential programs.
An Efficiency Preorder for Processes.
On the Generalization of Higman and Kruskal's Theorems to Regular Languages and Rational Trees.
Modeling Splits in File Structures.
Languages Accepted by Systolic Y-Tree Automata: Structural Characterizations.
Synchronized regular expressions.
On regular tree languages and deterministic pushdown automata.
A Modal Logic for Message Passing Processes.
Maintaining Range Trees in Secondary Memory. Part I: Partitions.
Does indirect addressing matter? - A note.
Reasoning Algebraically about Loops.
A Model of a Time Sharing Virtual Memory System Solved Using Equivalence and Decomposition Methods.
Trace Nets and Process Automata.
Metric propositional neighborhood logic with an equivalence relation.
A Principle of Independence for Binary Tree Searching.
Optimal Divide-and-Conquer to Compute Measure and Contour for a Set of Iso-Rectangles.
The Paging Drum Queue: A Uniform Perspective and Further Results.
The Undecidability of the Unification and Matching Problem for Canonical Theories.
The Programming Language Pascal.
Semantics, calculi, and analysis for object-oriented specifications.
Inhibitionsfelder.
Head and state hierarchies for unary multi-head finite automata.
On the Number of Active-Operations Needed to Compute the Discrete Fourier Transform.
The stuttering principle revisited.
Redundant Proofs of Non-Interference in Levin-Gries CSP Program Proofs.
Lazy Structure Sharing for Query Optimization.
Fair ambients.
Concurrent Access to Data.
Relaxed red-black trees with group updates.
Generation of Efficient <i> LALR </i> Parsers for Regular Right Part Grammars.
A Markovian queue with varying number of servers and applications to the performance comparison of HSDPA user equipment.
Priority Conflict-Free Petri Nets.
Optimum Multiway Search Trees.
Characterization of all Optimal Networks for a Simultaneous Computation of AND and NOR.
Parallel Integer Sorting Using Small Operations.
Stochastic cooperative distributed grammar systems and random graphs.
Performance Evaluation of Fork and Join Synchronization Primitives.
Some properties of the disjunctive languages contained in <i>Q</i>.
Systolic Automata for VLSI on Balanced Trees.
A new natural structural congruence in the pi-calculus with replication.
Optimal Multiprogramming.
Classes of Systolic Y-Tree Automata and a Comparison with Systolic Trellis Automata.
On Real-Time Cellular Automata and Trellis Automata.
Transformational Design of Real-Time Systems Part I: From Requirements to Program Specifications.
Performance Preorder and Competitive Equivalence.
A Survey of Normal Form Covers for Context Free Grammars.
A Note on Synthesis and Classification of Sorting Algorithms.
Liveness of a mutex algorithm in a fair process algebra.
Another Look at the "Longest Ascending Subsequence" Problem.
Complexity Theory and the Operational Structure of Algebraic Programming Systems.
Models for Reactivity.
Axioms for Generalized Graphs, Illustrated by a Cantor-Bernstein Proposition.
A Proof System for Distributed Processes.
Finite State Relational Programs.
A Gap Between the Actual Complexity of Permutations and Their Entropy Defined by Sto&szlig;.
MAT learners for tree series: an abstract data type and two realizations.
Exponentially decreasing number of operations in balanced trees.
Correctness of the Compiling Process Based on Axiomatic Semantics.
Paramodulated Connection Graphs.
The Lattice of Data Refinement.
Backtracking in Recursive Computations.
Efficient LL(1) Error Correction and Recovery Using Only Insertions.
Formal Derivation of Strongly Correct Concurrent Programs.
Efficient Worst-Case Data Structures for Range Searching.
A Formal Identification between Tuples and Lists with an Application to List-Arithmetic Categories.
Monotone Data Flow Analysis Frameworks.
Disambiguating Grammars by Exclusion of Sub-Parse Trees.
Axiomatising Finite Delay Operators.
Laws of Data Refinement.
Representing the integers with powers of 2 and 3.
Fast allocation and deallocation with an improved buddy system.
A Linear Space Algorithm for the LCS Problem.
Refinement of actions for real-time concurrent systems with causal ambiguity.
Efficient recognition algorithms for boundary and linear eNCE graph languages.
Comparing Locality and Causality Based Equivalences.
Proving Relative Lower Bounds for Incremental Algorithms.
Zur Theorie der Partiell-linearen Realisierungen endlicher Automaten
Data Refinement of Mixed Specifications.
A note on pure and p-pure languages.
A distributed resource allocation algorithm for many processes.
Complexity of Distributed Commit Protocols.
Adaptive sorting: an information theoretic perspective.
Erratum: Predicative Methodology.
The Correctness of the Schorr-Waite List Marking Algorithm.
Synchronizable Deterministic Pushdown Automata and the Decidability of their Equivalence.
Distance Measures for Point Sets and their Computation.
Optimum Reorganization Points for Arbitrary Database Costs.
Analyse d'un algorithme de gestion simultan&eacute;e M&eacute;moire centrale - Disque de pagination.
Opportunistic Algorithms for Eliminating Supersets.
Synchronized extension systems.
Klaus Samelson.
The Method of Attributes for Data Flow Analysis: Part II. Demand Analysis.
Reduction Rules for Time Petri Nets.
Electing a Leader in a Ring with Link Failures.
Parallel Approximation Schemes for Problems on Planar Graphs.
Compositional type checking of delta-oriented software product lines.
Single Machine Scheduling with Deadlines and Increasing Rates of Processing Times.
On Parsing Arithmetic Expressions in a Multiprocessing Environment.
A Probabilistic Analysis of the Height of Tries and of the Complexity of Triesort.
A Class of Coders Based on GSM.
Optimal recovery schemes in fault tolerant distributed computing.
An All-Round Sweep Algorithm for 2-Dimensional Nearest-Neighbor Problems.
Richer interface automata with optimistic and pessimistic compatibility.
On the System of word equations x^i_1 x^i_2 ... x^i_m = y^i_1 y^i_2 ...y^i_n (i=1, 2, ...) in a Free Monoid.
Two-Level Meta-Controlled Substitution Grammars.
The query complexity of estimating weighted averages.
<i> LALR </i> (1, 1) Parser Generation for Regular Right Part Grammars.
Grammars on Partial Graphs.
Average-Case Complexity for the Execution of Recursive Definitions on Relational Databases.
Frameworks for Abstract Interpretation.
OBSCURE: A Specification Language for Abstract Data Types.
Performance Bounds on the Splitting Algorithm for Binary Testing.
Rational Set of Trees and the Algebraic Semantics of Logic Programming.
Rational Bijection of Rational Sets.
Planning and execution with flexible timelines: a formal account.
Some Comments on "Concurrent Readers and Writers".
A Branch-and-Bound Algorithm to Obtain an Optimal Evaluation Tree for Monotonic Boolean Functions.
Optimal covers in the relational database model.
Integrating Code Generation and Peephole Optimization.
Is Text Compression by Prefixes and Suffixes Practical?
Methods for the Automatic Construction of Error Correcting Parsers.
Ordered Attributed Grammars.
Optimal Bounds on the Gain of Permitting Dynamic Allocation of Communication Channels in Distributed Computing.
Linearly bounded infinite graphs.
A Practical Example of the Specification of Abstract Data Types.
Sur diverses familles de langages ferm&eacute;es par transductions rationelle
On 3-Head Versus 2-Head Finite Automata.
Specification and Verification of Object-Oriented Programs Using Supertype Abstraction.
An efficient simulation algorithm on Kripke structures.
Improved matrix pair undecidability results.
Automaten in planaren Graphen.
Maximum Entropy Two-Station Cyclic Queues with Multiple General Servers.
Project scheduling with irregular costs: complexity, approximability, and algorithms.
Toward Formal Development of Programs from Algebraic Specifications: Implementations Revisited.
Programmed grammars and their relation to the LBA problem.
Semantic Decomposition of Computer Programs: An Aid to Program Testing.
A Proof Technique for Communicating Sequential Processes.
New proof for the undecidability of the circular PCP.
A polynomial time computable metric between point sets.
Verification of heap manipulating programs with ordered data by extended forest automata.
The Family of One-Counter Languages is Closed Under Quotient.
Sticky-free and overhang-free DNA languages.
A Class of Linearly Parsable Graph Grammars.
Efficient systematic clustering method for <i>k</i>-anonymization.
Validation of a Computer Performance Model of the Exponential Queuing Network Family.
Optimization in temporal qualitative constraint networks.
Reducing non-determinism in right nulled GLR parsers.
Deciding probabilistic bisimilarity over infinite-state probabilistic systems.
Abstract reduction in directed model checking CCS processes.
Compositional construction of most general controllers.
Through the Mincing Machine with a Boolean Layer Cake.
The Implementation of Retention in a Coroutine Environment.
Asymptotic Expansions of the Mergesort Recurrences.
Logic for Improving Integrity Checking in Relational Data Bases.
Correct hardware synthesis - An algebraic approach.
EOL Forms.
On Procedures as Open Subroutines. I
The Method of Forced Enumeration for Nondeterministic Automata.
Finite Complete Rewriting Systems and the Complexity of the Word Problem.
On the Expressiveness of Subset-Sum Representations.
A Note on Multi-queue Scheduling of Two Tasks.
Petri Net Algorithms in the Theory of Matrix Grammars.
Decision Problems Concerning Thinness and Slenderness of Formal Languages.
General Correctness: A Unification of Partial and Total Correctness.
Stratified Balanced Search Trees.
Purely Top-Down Updating Algorithms for Stratified Search Trees.
Crypt-Equivalent Algebraic Specifications.
On Some Decidable Properties of Finite State Translations.
Size-Depth Tradeoff in Monotone Boolean Formulae.
On Efficient Implementation of an Approximation Algorithm for the Steiner Tree Problem.
Coincidental extension of scattered context languages.
Parallel communicating grammar systems with terminal transmission.
Time Optimal Left to Right Construction of Position Trees.
Relaxed balance for search trees with local rebalancing.
Analytic Models for the Primary Site Approach to Fault-Tolerance.
Concurrent abstract state machines.
Preemptive online algorithms for scheduling with machine cost.
Logical and Schematic Characterization of Complexity Classes.
Storage Utilization in B*-Trees with a Generalized Overflow Technique.
View selection for <i>real</i> conjunctive queries.
A Run-Time Load Balancing Strategy for Highly Parallel Systems.
Optimal semi-online algorithms for preemptive scheduling problems with inexact partial information.
Two Graph Algorithms Derived.
A Logic-Based Approach to Program Flow Analysis.
Mono&iuml;des syntactiques des langages alg&eacute;briques.
An Algorithmic and Complexity Analysis of Interpolation Search.
On constructibility and unconstructibility of LTS operators from other LTS operators.
Strongly transitive automata and the Cern&yacute; conjecture.
Possibility and Impossibility Results in a Shared Memory Environment.
Type-based hot swapping of running modules.
Specifying Communication in Distributed Information Systems.
Nearly Optimal Hierarchies for Network and Formula Size.
Compositional Analysis of C/C++ Programs with VeriSoft.
On the tree inclusion problem.
Controlled finite automata.
Algebraic Models of Microprocessors: Architecture and Organisation.
Program Analysis and Optimization through Kernel-Control Decomposition.
A top-down proof procedure for generalized data dependencies.
Flow Languages Equal Recursively Enumerable Languages.
Simple Extensions of 1-writer Atomic Variable Constructions to Multiwriter Ones.
Lower Bounds for On-Line Two-Dimensional Packing Algorithms.
A Maximum Entropy Priority Approximation for a Stable <i> G/G/ </i> 1 Queue.
A Kernel Language for Programmed Rewriting of (Hyper)graphs.
Subtyping for session types in the pi calculus.
A Fair Calculus of Communicating Systems.
Generalized normal form for rewriting P systems.
Synchronous cooperation for explicit multi-threading.
A Fixed Point Approach to Parallel Discrete Event Simulation.
Type Introduction for Equational Rewriting.
On decidability of LTL model checking for process rewrite systems.
Maintaining Range Trees in Secondary Memory. Part II: Lower Bounds.
The Multiple Phase Service Network with Generalized Processor Sharing.
Complexity of Analyzing the Synchronization Structure of Concurrent Programs.
Binary Search Trees in Secondary Memory.
Geometrical Tools to Map Systems of Affine Recurrence Equations on Regular Arrays.
Orthogonality of Information Structures.
Efficient Algorithms for Checking the Atomicity of a Run of Read and Write Operations.
Minimally adequate teacher synthesizes statechart diagrams.
Order and Metric in the Stream Semantics of Elemental Concurrency.
Relational Database Constraints as Counterexamples.
Thrifty Execution of Task Pipelines.
Expressibility of Output Equals Input.
Properties of Data Flow Frameworks.
Dual unbounded nondeterminacy, recursion, and fixpoints.
Information Theoretic Approximations for the <i> M/G/ </i> 1 Retrial Queue.
Top-Down Syntax Analysis.
Hiding in Stream Semantics of Uniform Concurrency.
Data Management Support for Database Management.
d-Words and d-Languages.
An Alternative Implementation of an Insertion-Only Recovery Technique.
Approximation schemes for the Min-Max Starting Time Problem.
On the Expansion of Non-Linear Functions.
Structured Numbers: Properties of a Hierarchy of Operations on Binary Trees.
EOL Systems with Control Devices.
Analysis of Space Allocation in a Generally Fragmented Linear Store.
Computational Fractal Geometry with WFA.
Parsing Regular Grammars with Finite Lookahead.
Metric temporal logic revisited.
Comparing Expressibility of Normed BPA and Normed BPP Processes.
A Simple, Fast, and Effective LL(1) Error Repair Algorithm.
Genericity and the pi-calculus.
Multi-tilde-bar expressions and their automata.
Erratum: The size of random bucket trees via urn models.
Synthesizing robust systems.
On best transitive approximations to simple graphs.
Page Size in Demand-Paging Systems.
On Hierarchies of Abstract Data Types.
Update Operations in Deductive Databases with Functional Dependencies.
Apex Graph Grammars and Attribute Grammars.
Optimum Decision Trees - An Optimal Variable Theorem and its Related Applications.
An Algorithm for Merging Heaps.
Short Proofs for Tricky Formulas.
Some Average Performance Measures for the B-Tree.
The `Hoare Logic' of Concurrent Programs.
Robust Data Types.
Random sprouts as internet models, and P&oacute;lya processes.
Concurrency of Operations on B-Trees.
Chromatic Binary Search Trees. A Structure for Concurrent Rebalancing.
Constructing Maximal Slicings from Geometry.
A complexity tradeoff in ranking-function termination proofs.
Timed automata with urgent transitions.
Formes de langages et de grammaires.
Optimal Worst Case Trees.
An efficient algorithm for finding ideal schedules.
Specification and Verification of Database Dynamics.
Information Theoretic Approximations for <i> M/G/ </i> 1 und <i> G/G/ </i> 1 Queuing Systems.
A Lower Time Bound for the Knapsack Problem on Random Access Machines.
Splitting forward simulations to copewith liveness.
A deterministic skip list for k-dimensional range search.
A Tree-Based Mergesort.
On an Exponential Server with General Cyclic Arrivals.
Total lineare Realisierbarkeit endlicher Automaten.
A Decidability Criterion for van Wijngaarden Grammars.
Online square and cube packing.
Replaceability and Computational Equivalence for Monotone Boolean Functions.
Correctness of Semantic Integrity Checking in Database Management Systems.
Subrekursive Komplexit&auml;t bei Gruppen: II. Der Einbettungssatz von Higman f&uuml;r entscheidbare Gruppen.
A Model and a Fast Algorithm for Multiple Errors Spelling Correction.
A Useful Lemma for Context-Free Programmed Grammars.
Three Measures for Synchronic Dependence in Petri Nets.
Data structures for order-sensitive predicates in parallel nondeterministic systems.
Checking interval properties of computations.
Labelled transition logic: an outline.
A Multiclass Networt Model of a Demand Paging Computer System.
Exploiting colored Petri nets to decide on permutation admissibility.
A Robust and Efficient Spatial Data Structure.
On the Role of Unification in Mechanical Theorem Proving.
On the Average Internal Path Length of <i> m </i> -ary Search Trees.
Deterministic Sequential Functions.
Step semantics of boolean nets.
Querying Sequence Databases with Transducers.
Dynamic Weighted Binary Search Trees.
Bi-Catenation and Shuffle Product of Languages.
Letter from the Editor.
On Non-Determinancy in Simple Computing Devices.
Deterministic Grammars and Grammar Morphisms.
Efficiently building a parse tree from a regular expression.
Refinement verification of the lazy caching algorithm.
do Considered od: A Contribution to the Programming Calculus.
Query optimization in information integration.
The Expressive Power of the Bounded-Iteration Construct.
Efficient Memo-Table Management Strategies.
Die mittlere Additionsdauer eines Paralleladdierwerks
Van Wijngaarden Grammars and Space Complexity Classs EXSPACE.
Reducing the Number of Multiplikations in Iterative Processes.
Solving a weak NP-complete problem in polynomial time by using mutual mobile membrane systems.
The Characterization of Parallel Ultralinear Grammars by Rational Power Series.
Optimization of a Subclass of Conjunctive Queries.
Dynamic controllability via Timed Game Automata.
Axiomatic Approach to Total Correctness of Programs.
On Abelian 2-avoidable binary patterns.
Concurrent Testing of Processes.
Timed tree automata with an application to temporal logic.
Efficient Comparison of Program Slices.
A Reply to Comments on "A Comparison of Two Synchronizing Concepts"
New bounds for the query complexity of an algorithm that learns DFAs with correction and equivalence queries.
On Simplest Possible Solutions for Post Correspondence Problems.
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for the Universality of Programming Formalisms.
Cooperative Distributed Dynamic Load Balancing.
The identity problem of finitely generated bi-ideals.
The Boolean closure of linear context-free languages.
&Uuml;ber die Vernetzungsstruktur von Maschinen.
Towards action refinement for true concurrent real time.
Tableau-Based Model Checking in the Propositional Mu-Calculus.
The Complexity of Reachability in Distributed Communicating Processes.
Bin stretching revisited.
Reasoning about faulty quantum programs.
A Characterization of Attribute Evaluation in Passes.
Analysis of a Class of Communicating Finite State Machines.
A Calculus of Refinements for Program Derivations.
Parallel LL parsing.
Recursive Assertions and Parallel Programs.
Finding vertex-surjective graph homomorphisms.
Fast Algorithms for the Elimination of Common Subexpressions
Erratum: Proving Properties of Pascal Programs in MIZAR 2.
Unconditional Transfer in Regulated Rewriting.
Further Analysis of Code Generation for a Single Register Machine.
The Synchronization of Independent Processes.
An Effectively Given Initial Semigroup.
Canonical prefixes of Petri net unfoldings.
Hardness of equivalence checking for composed finite-state systems.
Acceptable Functional Programming Systems.
Preference rankings in the face of uncertainty.
A word on 7 letters which is non-repetitive up to mod 5.
Truly Prefix-Correct Chain-Free <i> LR </i> (1) Parsers.
Some Efficient Computational Algorithms Related to Phase Models.
Axiomatic Approach to Side Effects and General Jumps.
From ATP to Timed Graphs and Hybrid Systems.
On the Recognition of Permuted Supnick and Incomplete Monge Matrices.
Tree-systems of morphisms.
First-order logics: some characterizations and closure properties.
Non uniform random generation of generalized Motzkin paths.
Parallel Tree Contraction and Prefix Computations on a Large Family of Interconnection Topologies.
Developmental Systems with Locally Catenative Formulas
Self-stabilizing group communication in directed networks.
Connectivity of workflow nets: the foundations of stepwise verification.
Trajectory-based codes.
Mining approximate interval-based temporal dependencies.
LAR: A Logic of Algorithmic Reasoning.
Synthesized and Inherited Functions. A new Computational Model for Syntax-Directed Semantic.
On Proving that Certain Languages are not ETOL.
Concurrent Algorithms for Root Searching.
Stochastic game logic.
Worst-Case Analysis for Region and Partial Region Searches in Multidimensional Binary Search Trees and Balanced Quad Trees.
Ambiguity and Precedence in Syntax Description.
Maintaining Order in a Generalized Linked List.
Verification of Programs with Procedure-Type Parameter.
The Design of a Portable Programming Language.
Merging Sorted Runs Using Large Main Memory.
Strongest Invariant Functions: Their Use in the Systematic Analysis of While Statements.
On Finite Automata with Limited Nondeterminism.
Some properties of involution binary relations.
Correctness of dataflow and systolic algorithms using algebras of streams.
Space Sweep Solves Intersection of Convex Polyhedra.
Task Allocation in Fault-Tolerant Distributed Systems.
Resolution on Formula-Trees.
Minimal Huffman Trees.
Combinator-Based Compilation of Recursive Functions with Different Parameter Passing Modes.
On the Implementation of Strassen's Fast Multiplication Algorithm.
Single Machine Flow-Time Scheduling with Scheduled Maintenance.
Infinitary rewriting: closure operators, equivalences and models.
On Alternation.
A Network for the Detection of Words in Continuous Speech.
Constructing LR Parsers for Regular Right Part Grammars.
Exploiting a hypergraph model for finding Golomb rulers.
Fair sticker languages.
Descriptively Complete Process Logic.
Predicate-Transformer Semantics of General Recursion.
Symbolic models for control systems.
Locations Considered Unnecessary.
Interactaive Graphics on Intelligent Terminals in a Time-Sharing Environment.
A "Yo-Yo" Parsing Algorithm for a Large Class of van Wijngaarden Grammars.
Distributed synthesis for regular and contextfree specifications.
Decision Problems for Finite Special String-Rewriting Systems that are Confluent on Some Congruence Class.
Delay and energy efficiency analysis of multicast cooperative ARQ over wireless networks.
On the Lengths of Values in a Finite Transducer.
Effective Construction of the Syntactic Algebra of a Recognizable Series on Trees.
Querying Datalog Programs with Temporal Logic.
Grundlagen einer Theorie der Datenstrukturen und Zugriffssysteme. Teil I: Datenstrukturen und Schemata.
Periods in Extensions of Words.
A Fully Abstract Semantics for Causality in the \pi-Calculus.
A Practical General Method for Constructing LR(k) Parsers.
Hybrid networks of evolutionary processors are computationally complete.
Berechnung und Programm. I.
Optimal Merging of 2 Elements with n Elements.
Short Resolution Proofs for a Sequence of Tricky Formulas.
Relational Level Data Structures for Programming Languages
Deep pushdown automata.
Distributed Consensus, revisited.
On Computing the Transitive Closure of a Relation.
A General Proof Rule for Procedures in Predicate Transformer Semantics.
An Experimentally Validated Model of the Paging Drum.
Inherently Nonplanar Automata.
Packing rectangles in a strip.
Throughput analysis in wireless networks with multiple users and multiple channels.
A Unified Approach to the Generation and the Acception of Formal Languages.
A Theory of Interactive Programming.
Analysis of dual-hop and multiple relays cooperative truncated ARQ with relay selection in WSNs.
A 2.5<i>n</i> Lower Bound on the Monotone Network Complexity of T_3^n.
A Characterization of Systolic Binary Tree Automata and Applications.
Conceptual Classes and System Classes in Object Databases.
Decidable Properties of Monadic Recursive Schemas With a Depth Parameter.
Data Refinement and Algebraic Structure.
Proc&eacute;dures de reprise dans les syst&egrave;mes de gestion de base de donn&eacute;es r&eacute;parties.
A Model of a Virtual Memory System.
Class Hierarchy Specialization.
Program Proving: Coroutines.
Converting Untyped Formulas to Typed Ones.
Sequential and Jumping Machines and their Relation to Computers
A Characterization of Database Graphs Admitting a Simple Locking Protocol.
Some Modified Algorithms for Dijkstra's Longest Upsequence Problem.
Congruences et Automorphismes des Automates Finis.
Familles de langages translatables et ferm&eacute;es par crochet
Partage de t&acirc;ches entre processeurs homogenes.
A Model of the Dynamic Behavior of B-Trees.
Correction to Null Values in Nested Relational Databases by Mark A. Roth, H. F. Korth, and A. Silberschatz.
A Method for Transforming Grammars into LL(k) Form.
Equilibria for two parallel links: the strong price of anarchy versus the price of anarchy.
A comprehensive database schema integration method based on the theory of formal concepts.
<i> NP </i> -Hard Problems in Hierarchical-Tree Clustering.
The time complexity of typechecking tree-walking tree transducers.
General Predicate Transformer and the Semantics of a Programming Language With Go To Statement.
Application of Regular Canonical Systems to Grammars Translatable from Left to Right.
Eigenschaften der von linearen Automaten erkennbaren Worte.
Optimal Scheduling for Two-Processor Systems.
Automatic Program Verification I: A Logical Basis and its Implementation.
A Family of NP-Complete Data Aggregation Problems.
Accepting Zeno words: a way toward timed refinements.
Approximate Analysis of Exponential Queueing Systems with Blocking.
Linear Regular Sets.
Parsing Extended <i> LR(k) </i> Grammars.
On the Expected Height of Fringe-Balanced Trees.
A Fine-Grained Data-Flow Analysis Framework.
Remarks on "Some Comments on Concurrent Readers and Writers" by Reidar Conradi.
Bounded Delay for a Free Address.
Avoiding cross-bifix-free binary words.
Contextual hyperedge replacement.
On the Algebraic Specification of Infinite Objects - Ordered and Continuous Models of Algebraic Types.
A Hierarchy of Uniquely Parsable Grammar Classes and Deterministic Acceptors.
The SB-Tree: An Index-Sequential Structure for High-Performance Sequential Access.
Relational Heuristics for the Design of Deterministic Programs.
Dynamic Multi-Dimensional Data Structures Based on Quad- and <i> K - D </i> Trees.
On a Gauntlet Thrown by David Gries.
The Universe Problem for Unrestricted Flow Languages.
The Expected Additive Weight of Trees.
Information Management in Context Trees.
Vector assignment schemes for asymmetric settings.
Automatic Analysis of Inflectional Morphems in German Nouns.
A Direct Complement Construction for LR(1) Grammars.
Using the Causal Domain to Specify and verify Distributed Programs.
A Formal Semantics for Concurrent Systems with a Priority Relation.
The Stability Problem of Broadcast Packet Switching Computer Networks.
Resolution of Ambiguity in Parsing.
Algebraic Correctness Proofs for Compiling Recursive Function Definitions with Strictness Information.
Symmetry and partial order reduction techniques in model checking Rebeca.
Special issue on temporal representation and reasoning (TIME'13).
Optimal Disk Merge Patterns.
Infinitary Parallelism without Unbounded Nondeterminism in CSP.
Files d'attente exponentielles ayant des parametres non-stationnaires dans le temps.
Concurrent Search and Insertion in 2-3 Trees.
An Abstract Data Type for Name Analysis.
pi-calculus with noisy channels.
Using transition set sequences to partition behaviors of petri nets.
Ramsey Numbers and an Approximation Algorithm for the Vertex Cover Problem.
Small universal accepting hybrid networks of evolutionary processors.
Stable Duplicate-Key Extraction with Optimal Time and Space Bounds.
An Efficient General Iterative Algorithm for Dataflow Analysis.
Amounts of Nondeterminism in Finite Automata.
The Report on the Standard Hardware Representation for ALGOL 68.
The Semigroups of Linearly Realizable Finite Automata I.
Incremental LR Parers.
An algorithmic study of switch graphs.
Semi-synchronous transductions.
On the Cost-Effectiveness of PRAMs.
Branching Processes of Petri Nets.
Distances in random digital search trees.
safeDpi: a language for controlling mobile code.
Scheduling with Slack Time.
The Average Number of Registers Needed to Evaluate a Binary Tree Optimally.
Axiomatizing the Algebra of Net Computations and Processes.
RETRPROV, A System that Looks for Axioms.
A functional approach for temporal &#215; modal logics.
Picture deformation.
Binary Search Trees of Almost Optimal Height.
On the Finite Degree of Ambiguity of Finite Tree Automata.
Solving #SAT using vertex covers.
Iterative Arrays with Direct Central Control.
An exact subexponential-time lattice algorithm for Asian options.
An Easily Testable Optimal-Time VLSI-Multiplier.
Critical Comments on the Programming Language Pascal.
Incremental Evaluation for Attribute Grammars with Unrestricted Movement Between Tree Modifications.
Remarks on R. D. Tennent's Language Design Methods Based on Semantic Principles: Algol 68, A Language Designed Using Semantic Principles.
Minimale und m-minimale Variablenmengen f&uuml;r partielle Boole'sche Funktionen
Schnelle Berechnung von Kettenbruchentwicklungen.
Regular autodense languages.
Sound and Complete Hoare-like Calculi Based on Copy Rules.
Elementary Transition Systems and Refinement.
The Network Complexity and the Turing Machine Complexity of Finite Functions.
Inference rules for proving the equivalence of recursive procedures.
The Semigroups of Linearly Realizable Finite Automata II.
Providing view synchrony for group communication services.
Receptive Process Theory.
Letter from the Managing Editor.
Addenda and Corrigenda: Formal Semantics of a Class of High-Level Primitives for Coordinating Concurrent Processes
Charting the completeness frontier of inference systems for multivalued dependencies.
On-Way Multihead Deterministic Finite Automata.
The Expected Behaviour of B+-Trees.
Refinement of actions and equivalence notions for concurrent systems.
Precedence Technique is not Worse than SLR(1).
Standard Model Semantics for DSL A Data Type Specification Language.
Step Failures Semantics and a Complete Proof System.
MOMI: a calculus for mobile mixins.
Deleting the Root of a Heap.
Polytime Model Checking for Timed Probabilistic Computation Tree Logic.
A Sound and Relatively * Complete Hoare-Logic for a Language With Higher Type Procedures.
Forgetting Automata and Context-Free Languages.
A life dedicated to informatics: an obituary for Prof. Friedrich L. Bauer.
Rational Index of Vector Addition Systems Languages.
Node Flows in Graphs with Conservative Flow.
Dijkstra-Scholten Predicate Calculus: Concepts and Misconceptions.
Management of interval probabilistic data.
Inner Loops in Flowgraphs and Code Optimization.
Iteration of Transformation Passes over Attributed Program Trees.
Varepsilon-Productions in Context-Free Grammars.
On the Self Contained Modelling of DB/DC Systems.
Two-Symbol DOS Systems Generating Regular Languages.
A construction of distributed reference counting.
A criterion for atomicity revisited.
An Analytic Storage Allocation Model.
Inductive Attribute Grammars: A Basis for Incremental Program Execution.
A Model for Data Structures and Its Applications. I.
Performance Predictions for Extended Paged Memories.
General quantitative specification theories with modal transition systems.
Scattered context grammars that erase nonterminals in a generalized <i>k</i> -limited way.
A quadratic speedup theorem for iterative arrays.
The Schorr-Waite Graph Marking Algorithm.
Multi-letter quantum finite automata: decidability of the equivalence and minimization of states.
An Optimality Theory of Concurrency Control for Databases.
Transposition of Large Tabular Data Structures with Applications to Physical Database Organization.
Continuous Reductions Among Combinatorial Optimization Problems.
Finding a Maximum Matching in a Permutation Graph.
A Hierarchy Theorem for Multihead Stack-Counter Automata.
Reasoning about probabilistic sequential programs in a probabilistic logic.
On the hierarchy of distribution-sensitive properties for data structures.
A Proof Method for Cyclic Programs.
General Properties of Derivational Complexity.
A note on the factorization conjecture.
The Virtual Feedback Problem in Hierarchical Representations of Combinational Circuits.
On Some Variants of Post's Correspondence Problem.
Reexecution in Abstract Interpretation of Prolog.
Automating the Knuth Bendix Ordering.
Recognition and Selection of Idioms for Code Optimization.
Depth-First K-Trees and Critical Path Analysis.
&Uuml;ber Separatoren in planaren Graphen.
Eliminating Unit Reductions from <i> LR(k) </i> Parsers Using Minimum Contexts.
Extended Linear Macro Grammars, Iteration Grammars, and Register Programs.
Context-Free Grammars With Selective Rewriting.
On the Complexity of Formal Grammars.
Using Graph Coloring in an Algebraic Compiler.
A Characterisation of Meet and Join Respecting Pre-Orders and Congruences on Finite Lattices.
Extended Directed Graphs, a Formalism for Structured Data and Data Structures.
Hybridization methods for the analysis of nonlinear systems.
A Characterization of Set Representable Labeled Partial 2-Structures Through Decompositions.
On Generating Database Schemes Bounded or Constant-time-maintainable by Extensibility.
Containment and disjointedness in partitioned normal form relations.
Bounds on Algorithms for String Generation.
Decidability of Model Checking for Infinite-State Concurrent Systems.
Object type constructors.
On the incremental growth and shrinkage of LR goto-graphs.
Avoidable binary patterns in partial words.
On Slender 0L Languages over the Binary Alphabet.
Trial and Error. A New Approach to Space-Bounded Learning.
Unavoidable Binary Patterns.
Visibly rational expressions.
Program reversals for evolutions with non-uniform step costs.
Testing Attribute Grammars for Circularity.
The Log-Structured Merge-Tree (LSM-Tree).
Optimal Multiway Search Trees for Variable Size Keys.
An Experience in Proving Regular Networks of Processes by Modular Model Checking.
A theory of ultimately periodic languages and automata with an application to time granularity.
Querying Fragmented Relations in a Distributed Database.
A Markov modulated multi-server queue with negative customers - The MM CPP/GE/c/L G-queue.
The Formal Power of One-Visit Attribute Grammars.
Stacks, Queues, and Deques with Order-Statistic Operations.
On two Families of Forests.
Probabilistic Models of Computer Systems - Part I (Exact Results).
On Bounds of Response Time Performance Achievable by Multiclass Single-Server Queues.
Sequential Method in Propositional Dynamic Logic.
Speeding up Dynamic Transitive Closure for Bounded Degree Graphs.
Scheduling Saves in Fault-Tolerant Computations.
The Equivalence of Horn and Network Complexity for Boolean Functions.
Modal algebra and Petri nets.
Semantic Foundations of 4NF in Relational Database Design.
Iterative Weighted Finite Transductions.
Context-Free Hypergraph Grammars have the Same Term-Generating Power as Attribute Grammars.
Pipelines: Modelling a software architecture through relations.
Satisfiability of Co-Nested Formulas.
Graph Theoretic Closure Properties of the Family of Boundary NLC Graph Languages.
CCS: It's not fair! - Fair schedulers cannot be implemented in CCS-like languages even under progress and certain fairness assumptions.
An Analysis of a Contention Resolution Algorithm: Another Approach.
One-sided random context grammars.
Regenerative Simulation of Response Times in Networks of Queues: Statistical Efficiency.
Formal properties of XML grammars and languages.
The LBA-Problem and the Deterministic Tape Complexity of Two-Way One-Counter Languages over a One-Letter Alphabet.
Static Main Storage Packing Problems.
On the Semantics of Polymorphism.
Adding a path connectedness operator to FO+poly (linear).
Independent Database Schemes under Functional and Inclusion Dependencies.
On the power of enzymatic numerical P systems.
A Compositional Dataflow Semantics for Petri Nets.
Modularity and Expressibility for Nets of Relations.
Modeling Data-Intensive Reactive Systems with Relational Transition Systems.
Two-dimensional packing with conflicts.
Proof of Termination within a Weak Logic of Programs.
SLR(1) and LALR(1) Parsing for Unrestricted Grammars.
On the tree-transformation power of XSLT.
On the Response Time Distribution in a Discrete Round-Robin Queue.
On the Efficient Implementation of Conditional Critical Regions and the Construction of Monitors.
New Lower Bounds on the Formula Size of Boolean Functions.
Quantum loop programs.
Proving and Applying Program Transformations Expressed with Second-Order Patterns.
LR Parsing for Affix Grammars.
HDTOL Matching of Computations of Multitape Automata.
On Partitions and Presortedness of Sequences.
Erratum to: Avoidable binary patterns in partial words.
Judgmental subtyping systems with intersection types and modal types.
Embedding linear orders in grids.
Predicative Methodology.
Proving Programs Correct through Refinement.
Analysis of a Prioritized CSMA Protocol Based on Staggered Delays.
Two-way pebble transducers for partial functions and their composition.
On &#945; 2 - &#957; 2-products of automata.
On a New Approach to Representation Independent Data Classes.
Optimum Checkpoints with Age Dependent Failures.
A Logic for the Specification and Proof of Regular Controllable Processes of CCS.
Op&eacute;rations de Cylindre et applications s&eacute;quentielles gauches inverses.
Denotational fixed-point semantics for constructive scheduling of synchronous concurrency.
Deadlock-Freedom in Resource Contentions.
A Note on Degrees of Context-Sensitivity.
Petri nets with name creation for transient secure association.
The weakest specifunction.
Interpretation and Reduction of Attribute Grammars.
Graph Complexity.
The Formal Development of a Parallel Program Performing LU-Decomposition.
Deterministic Asynchronous Automata for Infinite Traces.
Gray code orders for q-ary words avoiding a given factor.
Parallel Language Recognition in Constant Time by Cellular Automata.
An Algebra for Process Creation.
Nested Satisfiability.
Ideal preemptive schedules on two processors.
Context-free Text Grammars.
Formal Semantics of a Class of High-Level Primitives for Coordinating Concurrent Processes
Relating Confluence, Innermost-Confluence and Outermost-Confluence Properties of Term Rewriting Systems.
Greed in Resource Scheduling.
A Decomposable Model of Program Paging Behaviour.
Analysis of range search for random k-d trees.
A Regularity Test for Dual Bordered <i> OS </i> Systems.
Parallel LL parsing.
Generalized Theory of Serializability.
Unbalanced Multiway Trees Improved by Partial Expansions.
On-Line Multiversion Database Concurrency Control.
Product Properties and Their Direct Verification.
Two-tier relaxed heaps.
Algebraic reasoning for probabilistic action systems and while-loops.
Trading polarizations for labels in P systems with active membranes.
A Transformation Method for Dynamic-Sized Tabulation.
General Purpose Schedulers for Database Systems.
Erratum: Maximum Entropy Two-Station Cyclic Queues with Multiple General Servers.
Step traces.
A New Explanation of the Glitch Phenomenon.
LR-Parsing of Extended Context Free Grammars.
Resource Finding in Store-and-Forward Networks.
Fairness of Actions in System Computations.
Fooling a Two-Way Nondeterministic Multihead Automaton with Reversal Number Restriction.
Representation of Graphs.
Dynamic LL(k) Parsing.
A linear-time algorithm for the orbit problem over cyclic groups.
Fundamentals of control flow in workflows.
A distributed QoS-Aware multicast routing protocol.
Strategy synthesis for multi-dimensional quantitative objectives.
Evaluation des Performances d'un Algorithme de Controle de la Coh&eacute;rence d'une Base de Donn&eacute;es R&eacute;partie.
Analysis of a Service Facility with Periodic Checkpointing.
A decomposition theorem for finite persistent transition systems.
Weakly Independent Database Schemes.
On the closure of pattern expressions languages under intersection with regular languages.
The Effect of Fixed-Length Record Implementation on File System Response.
Die Zeitkomplexit&auml;t des Normalisierungsproblems bei kontextsensitiven Grammatiken.
The Complexity of Combinatorial Problems with Succinct Input Representation.
Limit laws for terminal nodes in random circuits with restricted fan-out: a family of graphs generalizing binary search trees.
Job Scheduling Guaranteeing Reasonable Turn-Around Times.
Generalized Recursive Data Structures.
An Incremental Primal Sieve.
Transformational Methods and their Application to Complexity Problems.
A. Nico Habermann 1932-1993.
Using Circular Programs to Eliminate Multiple Traversals of Data.
Process algebra with action dependencies.
Special issue on Rich Models, EU-COST Action IC0901 Rich-Model Toolkit.
Free Choice Systems Have Home States.
Metatheorems for Decision Problems on Hyperedge Replacement Graph Languages.
The size of random bucket trees via urn models.
Parametrized invariance for infinite state processes.
On the Sequential Nature of Interprocedural Program-Analysis Problems.
Throughput of a Satellite Channel Communication.
Choosing a Storage Schema.
Normal Forms for Context-Sensitive Grammars.
The class Steiner minimal tree problem: a lower bound and test problem generation.
Detecting Morphic Images of a Word on the Rank of a Pattern.
Corrections to ``A Synthesis of Several Sorting Algorithms'' by J. Darlington.
Synchronisationsgraphen
A Transformation System for Concurrent Processes.
Rewrite Systems on a Lattice of Types.
A New Approach to Parallel Computing.
Parallel Approximation Schemes for Subset Sum and Knapsack Problems.
Sufficient-Completeness, Ground-Reducibility and their Complexity.
An axiomatization of graphs.
Speeding up Circularity Tests for Attribute Grammars.
Duality in Specification Languages: A Lattice-Theoretical Approach.
Decision problems for pushdown threads.
On Problems with Short Certificates.
Performance Analysis of Parallel Programs Based on Directed Acyclic Graphs.
The variance of the height of digital search trees.
Problematic Features of Programming Languages: A Situational-Calculus Approach.
Observable liveness of Petri nets.
Kinded Type Inference for Parametric Overloading.
Towards a Theory of Consistency Enforcement.
Some Remarks on Boolean Sums.
Conjunctive grammars and alternating pushdown automata.
A Note on Classes of Complements and the LBA Problem.
Prefix-primitive annihilators of languages under some operations.
Heuristics for Parallel Machine Scheduling with Delivery Times.
A Set-Theoretic Semantics for Clear.
Lower Bounds on Space Complexity for Contextfree Recognition.
Accepting splicing systems with permitting and forbidding words.
On the Relationship of Minimum and Optimum Covers for a Set of Functional Dependencies.
The Temporal Logic of Branching Time.
An Improved Complexity Hierarchy on the Depth of Boolean Functions.
Causality for Debugging Mobile Agents.
A tool for deciding the satisfiability of continuous-time metric temporal logic.
Proving Finiteness of CCS Processes by Non-Standard Semantics.
Nonterminal complexity of one-sided random context grammars.
On Sufficient-Completeness and Related Properties of Term Rewriting Systems.
Guiding Craig interpolation with domain-specific abstractions.
Optimum Binary Search Trees.
Simulation Output Analysis for Local Area Computer Networks.
On regular temporal logics with past.
Proof Theory for Exception Handling in a Tasking Environment.
Deriving very Efficient Algorithms for Evaluating Linear Recurrence Relations Using the Program Transformation Technique.
Direction Controlled Programmed Grammars.
Generating Binary Trees of Bounded Height.
Space Efficient Algorithms for Some Graph Theoretical Problems.
Partial Parametrization Eliminates Multiple Traversals of Data Structures.
Grundlagen einer Theorie der Datenstrukturen und Zugriffssysteme. Teil II: Zugriffssysteme.
On stateless deterministic restarting automata.
Minimal Coverings for Incompletely Specified Sequential Machines.
The Reliability of Life-Critical Computer Systems.
Reasoning with Examples: Propositional Formulae and Database Dependencies.
Postorder Trees and Eulerian Numbers.
Improved Time and Space Bounds for Boolean Matrix Multiplication.
Transformational Design of Real-Time Systems. Part II: From Program Specifications to Programs.
A Discrete-Time Round-Robin Queue with Bernoulli Input and General Arithmetic Service Time Distributions.
On Languages Accepted by Space-Bounded Oracle Machines.
Normal Form Approach to Compiler Design.
Grammarforms and Grammarhomomorphisms.
A general procedure to check conjunctive query containment.
Two Impossibility Theorems on Behaviour Specification of Abstract Data Types.
A new Lower Bound on the Monotone Network Complexity of Boolean Sums.
Semantics analysis through elementary meanings.
Some Techniques for Geometric Searching with Implicit Set Representations.
The Nearest Common Ancestor in a Dynamic Tree.
Local Hausdorff Dimension.
The Clean Termination of Pascal Programs.
The Complexity of Drawing Trees Nicely.
IEH Graphs. A Novel Generalization of Hypercube Graphs.
Synthesis and reengineering of persistent systems.
Supercube: An Optimally Fault Tolerant Network Architecture.
On the Rational Subsets of the Free Group.
More Comments on the Programming Language Pascal.
On Alternation II. A Graph Theoretic Approach to Determinism Versus Nondeterminism.
Iterated GSMs and Co-CFL.
Timing and Causality in Process Algebra.
Semantic Routines and <i> LR(k) </i> Parsers.
Well Quasi-Orders and Regular Languages.
Bounds on the Parallel Evaluation of Arithmetic Expressions Using Associativity and Commutativity.
Adding inclusion dependencies to an object-oriented data model with uniqueness constraints.
In Memoriam: Andrei Petrovich Ershov.
Optimal Search Trees Using Two-Way Key Comparisons.
Hierarchical Program Specification and Verification - a Many-sorted Logical Approach.
Some kinds of primitive and non-primitive words.
An Endogenous Priority Model for Load Control in Combined Batch-Interactive Computer Systems.
Alan J. Perlis 1922-1990.
Drawing Plane Graphs Nicely.
Automata-based verification of programs with tree updates.
On Specification of Multiprocessor Computing.
Universal Asynchronous Iterative Arrays of Mealy Automata.
Testing Bag-Containment of Conjunctive Queries.
L-Systems and Mutually Resurcive Function Systems.
Analysis of Tree Algorithms for the Simulation Event List.
On the Valuedness of Finite Transducers.
The Ultimate Equivalence Problem for DOL Systems.
The Algebraic Specification of Abstract Data Types.
Amortized Constant Relaxed Rebalancing Using Standard Rotations.
Inferring Multivalued Dependencies From Functional and Join Dependencies.
The Path Length of Random Skip Lists.
Context-Free Languages over Infinite Alphabets.
Language Design Methods Based on Semantic Principles.
How to allocate review tasks for robust ranking.
An Alternative Approach to the Improvement of <i>LR(k)</i> Parsers.
Hi&eacute;rarchie et fermeture de certaines classes de tag-syst&egrave;mes.
Unsafe Operations in B-Trees.
Even faster generalized LR parsing.
Toward Formal Development of Programs from Algebraic Specifications: Parameterisation Revisited.
On the Definition of ELR(k) and ELL(k) Grammars.
Elements of Finite Order for Finite Weight-Reducing and Confluent Thue Systems.
A Priority Queue With Interruptions of Service Permitted After a Time Quantum.
A Logic Covering Undefinedness in Program Proofs.
A semantic approach to optimize linear datalog programs.
Modularity and Reusability in Attribute Grammars.
Regenerative Simulation of Response Times in Networks of Queues with Multiple Job Types.
Object Inheritance Beyond Subtyping.
Generalized Binary Split Trees.
Efficient LR(1) Parsers.
Referential Transparency, Definiteness and Unfoldability.
The fibers and range of reduction graphs in ciliates.
Machine Scheduling with Availability Constraints.
Applications of the Theory of Records in the Study of Random Trees.
On the Performance Evaluation of Extendible Hashing and Trie Searching.
Describing an Algorithm by Hopcroft
Every Binary Pattern of Length Six is Avoidable on the Two-Letter Alphabet.
On the complexity of the identification problem in Hamming spaces.
Randomization adaptive self-stabilization.
Testing for refinement in <i>Circus</i>.
A Fast Algorithm for Steiner Trees.
Context Free Derivations on Word Monoids.
On the Use of History Variables.
On Scheduling Tasks with Exponential Service Times and In-Tree Precedence Constraints.
An Incremental Mechanical Development of Systolic Solutions to the Algebraic Path Problem.
Multipass Precedence Analysis.
Abstractions of data types.
An O(n) Algorithm for Computing the Set of Available Expressions of D-Charts.
On Gurevich's theorem on sequential algorithms.
Machine structure oriented control code logic.
The Instability of Self-Stabilization.
Sorting Multisets Stably in Minimum Space.
On Time Computability of Functions in One-Way Cellular Automata.
Information Theoretic Analysis for a General Queueing System at Equilibrium with Application to Queues in Tandem.
Correctness proof of a database replication protocol under the perspective of the I/O automaton model.
Contextual Rewriting as a Sound and Complete Proof Method for Conditional LOG-Specifications.
Hierarchy Theorems for Two-Way Finite State Transducers.
A Survey of Stream Processing.
An <i> O(V5/3 E2/3) </i> Algorithm for the Maximal Flow Problem.
Special Factors, Periodicity, and an Application to Sturmian Words.
A Longest Common Subsequence Algorithm Suitable for Similar Text Strings.
Synthesizing efficient systems in probabilistic environments.
On Sentential Forms of Context-Free Grammars.
Fundamentals of Modelling Concurrency Using Discrete Relational Structures.
Refinement of Fair Action Systems.
WCS-Analysis of the Context-Sensitive.
Affine Relationships Among Variables of a Program.
Easy Sets and Hard Certificate Schemes.
Effect of Data Representation on Cost of Sparse Matrix Operations.
Tree Automata for Code Selection.
Contributions to the Semantics of Logic Perpetual Processes.
Syntactic Complexity of Scattered Context Grammars.
Complexity of the Word Problem for Commutative Semigroups of Fixed Dimension.
A Balanced Search Tree with <i> O </i> (1) Worst-case Update Time.
On Counting and Approximation.
Axioms for Total Correctness.
Optimal algorithms for semi-online preemptive scheduling problems on two uniform machines.
Memory Fragmentation in Buddy Methods for Dynamic Storage Allocation.
Pascal-Clarifications and Recommended Extensions.
Minimal Communication Cost Software Construction in the Internet Environment.
An Analysis of two Related Loop-free Algorithms for Generating Integer Partitions.
Locality Based Semantics for Process Algebras.
A Unified View of the Complexity of Evaluation and Interpolation.
An Optimal Algorithm for Decomposing a Window into Maximal Quadtree Blocks.
The Analysis of Heuristics for Search Trees.
Communication for Alternating Machines.
Self-embedded context-free grammars with regular counterparts.
Editorial: Hybrid Systems.
Single Machine Flow-Time Scheduling With a Single Breakdown.
A Relational Approach to the Design of Deterministic Programs.
An Optimal Algorithm for Solving the Searchlight Guarding Problem on Weighted Two-Terminal Series-Parallel Graphs.
Partial Abstract Types.
On reversible Turing machines and their function universality.
On the Complexity of some Problems Concerning the Use of Procedures II.
On Correct Procedure Parameter Transmission in Higher Programming Languages
Deterministic ordered restarting automata for picture languages.
Generalized Deterministic Left To Right Parsing.
Some Order Dimension Bounds for Communication Complexity Problems.
On the Existence of Symmetric Algorithms to Find Leaders in Networks of Communicating Sequential Processes.
On the Worst Case Performance of Buddy Systems.
On Random 2-3 Trees.
A Note on the Influence of Program Loading on the Page Fault Rate.
The Choice Coordination Problem.
Lifting non-finite axiomatizability results to extensions of process algebras.
Improving Time and Space Efficiency in Generalized Binary Search Trees.
Lifetime Analysis for Attributes.
Parallel Algorithms for Adaptive Quadrature II Metalgorithm Correctness.
The syntactic monoid of hairpin-free languages.
A Result on <i> k </i> -Valent Graphs and Its Application to a Graph Embedding Problem.
Transforming Unbalanced Multiway Trees into a Practical External Data Structure.
A Fine-Grained Solution to the Mutual Exclusion Problem.
Extracting unsatisfiable cores for LTL via temporal resolution.
Non-deterministic Data Types: Models and Implementations.
A System which Automatically Improves Programs.
Early action in an Earley parser.
Words, univalent factors, and boxes.
Some Resource Allocation Policies in a Multi Associative Processor.
Backtracking with Multi-Level Dynamic Search Rearrangement.
Concurrency and Trie Hashing.
Algebraic Program Testing.
Proving Correctness of Coroutines Without History Variables.
Fusion and Simultaneous Execution in the Refinement Calculus.
Algebras for iteration and infinite computations.
A Simple Fixpoint Argument Without the Restriction to Continuity.
Consistent and Complementary Formal Theories of the Semantics of Programming Languages.
Types in concurrency.
Probabilistic Bounds for Dual Bin-Packing.
A Formal Model of Atomicity in Asynchronous Systems.
Monte Carlo Circuits for the Abelian Permutation Group Intersection Problem.
Compositional verification of asynchronous concurrent systems using CADP.
Generating Words Lexicographically: An Average-Case Analysis.
An Observation on Suffix Redundancy in LL(1) Error Repair.
A Closer Look at Termination.
On the Costs of Optimal and Near-Optimal Binary Search Trees.
Past is for free: on the complexity of verifying linear temporal properties with past.
Berechnung und Programm. II.
A Comparison of Storage Optimizations in Automatically-Generated Attribute Evaluators.
On Grammar Forms with Terminal Context.
Failures Semantics and Deadlocking of Modular Petri Nets.
Proof Rules for Gotos.
Parameterized complexity of three edge contraction problems with degree constraints.
Partial (Set) 2-Structures. Part I: Basic Notions and the Representation Problem.
Consistent Records in Asynchronous Computations.
Comments on "A Comparison of Two Synchronizing Concepts by Per Brinch Hansen".
Deterministic Buffer Synchronization of Sequential Processes.
Geometric analysis of nondeterminacy in dynamical systems.
Axiomatics for Memory Allocation.
On Linear List Recursion in Parallel.
Boundedly LR( <i> k </i> )-conflictable Grammars.
A Sharp Proof Rule for Procedures in wp Semantics.
Randomized and Deterministic Simulations of PRAMs by Parallel Machines with Restricted Granularity of Parallel Memories.
Temporal Predicat Transformers and Fair Termination.
Families of automata characterizing context-sensitive languages.
Yet another generation of LALR parsers for regular right part grammars.
The Behaviour of a Single-Queue in a General Queueing Network.
Losslessness and Project-Join Constructibility in Relational Databases.
Symmetric Binary B-Trees: Data Structure and Maintenance Algorithms.
Performance Bounds for Binary Testing with Arbitrary Weights.
S-Invariant Analysis of General Recursive Petri Boxes.
Applications of a Categorical Framework for Conceptual Data Modelling.
Program-Substitution and Admissibility of Rules in Algorithmic Logic.
On Communication-Bounded Synchronized Alternating Finite Automata.
Efficient processing of simple temporal networks with uncertainty: algorithms for dynamic controllability verification.
Performance and Reliability Improvement by Using Asynchronous Algorithms in Disk Buffer Cache Memory.
Special issue on "Comprehending asynchrony in specification and analysis" dedicated to Walter Vogler on the occasion of his 60th birthday.
The Relaxed min-max Heap.
Size-depht Tradeoff in Non-monotone Boolean Formulae.
On Sets of Boolean <i> n </i> -Projections Surjective.
Synchronized Behaviours of Processes and Rational Relations.
The Method of Attributes for Data Flow Analysis: Part I. Exhaustive Analysis.
First-Order Identities as a Defining Language.
An Approach to Automating the Verification of Compact Parallel Coordination Programs I.
Computational complexity via programming languages: constant factors do matter.
Axiomatising timed automata.
On the Analysis of Petri Nets with Static Priorities.
Optimal alpha-beta Trees with Capacity Constraint.
Bounded Self-Stabilizing Petri Nets.
On Termination Problems for Finitely Interpreted ALGOL-like Programs.
Equivalences and optimizations in an expressive XSLT subset.
Metric Semantics from Partial Order Semantics.
Some results on the Collatz problem.
An Extension of the Theory of Learning Systems
"Backward" coinduction, Nash equilibrium and the rationality of escalation.
Efficient Algorithms for Finding Maximum Matchings in Convex Bipartite Graphs and Related Problems.
Availability of a Distributed Computer System with Failures.
Left Context Precedence Grammars.
Long Unavoidable Patterns.
Preserving key in XML data transformation.
Sequentielle Analyse kontextfreier Sprachen.
Memory Requirements for Silent Stabilization.
DNA Computing, Sticker Systems, and Universality.
The Use of Deleted Tuples in Database, Querying and Updating.
Processors Selection and Traffic Splitting in a Parallel Processors System.
Minimal Equational Representations of Recognizable Tree Languages.
Three-element codes with one d-primitive word.
Boolesche Minimalpolynome und &Uuml;berdeckungsprobleme.
Organization and Maintenance of Large Ordered Indices.
Optimal Fault-Tolerant Computing on Multiprocessor Systems.
Investigations on Hotz Groups for Arbitrary Grammars.
BRNGLR: a cubic Tomita-style GLR parsing algorithm.
Forward and backward application of symbolic tree transducers.
On the power of deep pushdown stacks.
A Feedback-Coupled Resource Allocation Policy for Multiprogrammed Computer Systems.
On Characterizations of Recursively Enumerable Languages.
On the Equivalence of Some Transductions Involving Letter to Letter Morphisms on Regular Languages.
Reduced Constants for Simple Cycle Graph Separation.
Proving Properties of Interacting Processes.
On the Interdependence Between Shuffle and Crossing-Over Operations.
Approximating Traces.
Lower Bounds for Sorting on Mesh-Connected Architectures.
Intersections de langages alg&eacute;briques born&eacute;s.
M-nets: a survey.
Pathlistings Applied to Data Flow Analysis.
Bin Packing: Maximizing the Number of Pieces Packed.
Computing Extremal and Approximate Distances in Graphs Having Unit Cost Edges.
The ( <i> n,k </i> )-Bounded Emptiness-Problem for Probabilistic Acceptors and Related Problems.
A Petri Nets Semantics for Data Flow Networks.
An Operational Semantics for Specifications of Abstract Data Types with Error Handling.
Symbolic automata for representing big code.
Scattered Versus Context-Sensitive Rewriting.
Partitioning a Sequence into Few Monotone Subsequences.
The Residue of Vector Sets with Applications to Decidability Problems in Petri Nets.
Dependency Preservation in Semantic Databases.
A Maximum Entropy Analysis of the <i> M/G/ </i> 1 and <i> G/M/ </i> 1 Queueing Systems at Equilibrium.
Observational Implementation of Algebraic Specifications.
Computation Sequences: A Way to Characterize Classes of Attribute Grammars.
Formal communication elimination and sequentialization equivalence proofs for distributed system models.
Optimal Codes, n-Arcs and Laguerre Geometry.
Extending the accommodating function.
Program Proving: Jumps and Functions.
An Efficient Incremental LR Parser for Grammars With Epsilon Productions.
Prescribed Teams of Grammars.
`Closed Interval Process Algebra' versus `Interval Process Algebra'.
PROCOL: A Concurrent Object-Oriented Language with Protocols Delegation and Constraints.
Characterizations of k-comma codes and k-comma intercodes.
Representing CCS Programs by Finite Predicate/Transition Nets.
The Verification and Synthesis of Data Structures.
Dependability Evaluation of Hierarchical Systems.
On Generators and Generative Capacity of EOL Forms.
The Expressive Theory of Stacks.
Revisiting bisimilarity and its modal logic for nondeterministic and probabilistic processes.
Prototyping Realistic Programming Languages Based on Formal Specifications.
Algorithms for Routing in Planar Graphs.
The Analysis of Quicksort Programs.
On the Complexity of Concurrency Control Using Semantic Information.
Specification-Oriented Semantics for Communicating Processes.
Nonlinear Pattern Theory.
Lineare Realisierbarkeit endlicher Automaten &uuml;ber endlichen K&ouml;rpern.
A queue based mutual exclusion algorithm.
On using data abstractions for model checking refinements.
A comparison of pebble tree transducers with macro tree transducers.
Safe projections of binary data sets.
Equivalence of the Gries and Martin Proof Rules for Procedure Calls.
Net-Based Control Versus Rational Control. The Relation Between ITNC Vector Languages and Rational Relations.
Describing Semantic Domains with Sprouts.
Relations among Simultaneous Complexity Classes of Nondeterministic and Alternating Turing Machines.
Variance of Storage Requirements for B+-trees.
About the Collatz Conjecture.
Minimizing Mean Flow-Time with Parallel Processors and Resource Constraints.
On Minimizing the Forall-Not Degree of a Connective-Free Formula.
A Theory of Bisimulation for the pi-Calculus.
A Class of Measures on Formal Languages.
On-line graph coloring of P<sub>5</sub>-free graphs.
Performances of an Algorithm Constructing a Nearly Optimal Binary Tree.
One-write algorithms for multivalued regular and atomic registers.
Efficiency of Universal Parallel Computers.
Infinitary rewriting: meta-theory and convergence.
Null Values in Nested Relational Databases.
Extensional Equivalences for Transition Systems.
A Denotational Framework for Data Flow Analysis.
On the Power of L-Systems in Image Generation.
Arbitration Without Common Modifiable Variables.
Embedding mappings and splittings with applications.
Using the Blankinship Algorithm to Find the General Solution of a Linear Diophantine Equation.
Translational lemmas for DLOGTIME-uniform circuits, alternating TMs, and PRAMs.
On the complexity of drawing trees nicely: corrigendum.
Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language ALGOL 68
Exhaustive generation of combinatorial objects by ECO.
Completeness of <i> E </i> 0 <i> L </i> Forms is Decidable.
Sur les g&eacute;n&eacute;rateurs alg&eacute;briques et lin&eacute;aires.
Distinguishing and relating higher-order and first-order processes by expressiveness.
Performance Analysis of Multiprocessor Systems Containing Functionally Dedicated Processors.
Proving Termination of (Conditional) Rewrite Systems. A Semantic Approach.
Specification transformers: a predicate transformer approach to composition.
A sequential real-time refinement calculus.
Comparing the worst-case efficiency of asynchronous systems with PAFAS.
Bases for closed sets of implicants and implicates in temporal logic.
On a Covering Relation for Context-Free Grammars.
Some Extended Semaphore Primitives.
Periodic-like words, periodicity, and boxes.
Decomposing a Window into Maximal Quadtree Blocks.
On the equivalence and rewriting of aggregate queries.
Proof Rules for the Programming Language Euclid.
On Binary Tree Encodements.
Proof of Correctness of Data Representations.
Classifications of Dense Languages.
Reachability results for timed automata with unbounded data structures.
Algorithms Minimizing Mean Flow Time: Schedule-Length Properties.
<i> LR </i> (0) Grammars Generated by <i> LR </i> (0) Parsers.
Recognizable Trace Languages, Distributed Automata and the Distribution Problem.
N-dimensional versus (N-1)-dimensional connectivity testing of first-order queries to semi-algebraic sets.
Black-White Pebbles and Graph Separation.
Category-Based Modularisation for Equational Logic Programming.
The Axiomatic Semantics of Programs Based on Hoare's Logic.
Reasoning with First Order Nondeterministic Specifications.
Nearly Optimal Binary Search Trees.
On Procedures as Open Subroutines. II.
The ELL(1) Parser Generator and the Error Recovery Mechanism.
Sets with Small Generalized Kolmogorov Complexity.
On Deciding Whether a Monoid is a Free Monoid or is a Group.
On the number of nodes in universal networks of evolutionary processors.
Attribute Storage Optimization by Stacks.
Addendum to Null Values in Nested Relational Databases.
Refinement checking on parametric modal transition systems.
Revisiting causality, coalgebraically.
Alias Analysis of Pointers in Pascal and Fortran 90: Dependence Analysis Between Pointer References.
A New Formula for Speedup and its Characterization.
Partial-Predicate Logic in Computer Science.
MRE Hierarchical Decomposition of General Queueing Network Models.
Extended Nested Relations.
Program Behavior Prediction and Prepaging.
A Single Server Queue with Mixed Types of Interruptions.
On the Space Optimizing Effect of Eliminating Single Productions from <i> LR </i> Parsers.
On the Expressive Power of Data Dependencies.
Corrigenda: Transformational Methods and Their Application to Complexity Problems
Inefficiency of equilibria for the machine covering game on uniform machines.
Fairness and Related Properties in Transition Systems - A Temporal Logic to Deal with Fairness.
A Generalized Distribution Model for Random Recursive Trees.
Speicheroptimale Formel&uuml;bersetzung.
Membrane systems with promoters/inhibitors.
Minimizing Time-Space Cost for Database Version Control.
Random walks for selected boolean implication and equivalence problems.
Verification conditions are code.
Recursive descent parsing for Boolean grammars.
An Algebraic Semantics of Higher-Order Types with Subtypes.
An Optimal Emulator and VLSI Layout for Complete Binary Trees.
Nonterminals, Homomorphisms and Codings in Different Variations of OL-Systems. II. Nondeterministic Systems.
A complete classification of the expressiveness of interval logics of Allen's relations: the general and the dense cases.
An Axiomatic Definition of Synchronization Primitives.
Weighted height of random trees.
Well-structured languages.
Edsger W. Dijkstra - Acta Informatica and Marktoberdorf.
Design and Correctness of a Compiler for a Non-Procedural Language.
Database Survivability Under Dynamic Constraints.
On Merging Software Extensions.
Erratum: Maximum Entropy Two-Station Cyclic Queues with Multiple General Servers.
The Optimal Binary Search Tree for Andersson's Search Algorithm.
Load Sharing in Distributed Systems with Failures.
An Abstract Machine Theory for Formal Language Parsers.
On the Scalability and Mean-Time to Failure of k Resilient Protocols.
Transposition of Large Tabular Data Structures with Applications to Physical Database Organization.
On the non-approximability of points-to analysis.
The Linear Landscape of External Contextual Languages.
Polyvariant Mixed Computation for Analyzer Programs.
Code Generation Based on Formal BURS Therory and Heuristic Search.
Ein Modell des <i>P=NP</i> -Problems mit einer positiven L&ouml;sung.
Priority Systems with many Identical Processes.
Rangierkomplexit&auml;t von Permutationen
Multi-Queue Scheduling of Two Tasks.
A theory of bunches.
Element distinctness on one-tape Turing machines: a complete solution.
An Ogden-Like Iteration Lemma for Rational Power Series.
Semantic Properties of Lucid's Compute Clause and its Compilation.
Total Correctness of CSP Programs.
Recursion and Petri nets.
Verification of Clocked and Hybrid Systems.
A New Data Structure for Representing Sorted Lists.
On the Generative Power of Regular Pattern Grammars.
The complexity of satisfying constraints on databases of transactions.
On the observational theory of the CPS-calculus.
Lattices in Machine Learning: Complexity Issues.
Practical LL(1)-Based Parsing of van Wijngaarden Grammars.
Hierarchical Ordering of Sequential Processes.
SEMANOL (73) A Metalanguage for Programming the Semantics of Programming Languages.
Plain CHOCS: A Second Generation Calculus for Higher Order Processes.
The Complexity of Graph Languages Generated by Hyperedge Replacement.
Parallel Composition of Assumption-Commitment Specifications: A Unifying Approach for Shared Variable and Distributed Message Passing Concurrency.
Langages satur&eacute;s et cones d&eacute;croissants Langages et cones bifid&egrave;les.
Undecidability of Restricted Uniform Recurrence Equations.
Permuting Data with the Omega Network.
Composition and Evaluation of Attribute Coupled Grammars.
The Logic of Aliasing.
A general framework for types in graph rewriting.
On-line coloring and cliques covering for K<i>K</i><sub>s, t</sub>-free graphs.
A theoretical comparison of LRU and LRU-K.
Stepwise development of fair distributed systems.
List Ranking on Meshes.
Der programmierbare endliche Automat.
Some Beautiful Arguments Using Mathematical Induction.
An assertional criterion for atomicity.
Multi-Relations in Z.
On the complexity of deciding typability in the relational algebra.
An On-Line Algorithm for Variable-Sized Bin Packing.
Naive Asymptotics for Hitting Time Bounds in Markov Chains.
Global Storage Cells for Attributes in an Attribute Grammar.
The Calculus of Context Relations.
Extending stratified datalog to capture complexity classes ranging from P to QH.
On a Relation Between Uniform Coding and Problems of the Form DTIMEF(<i>F</i>) =? DSPACEF(<i>F</i>).
An Efficient ELL(1)-Parser Generator.
Proving Properties of Pascal Programs in MIZAR 2.
On <i>n</i>-Column 0, 1-Matrices with all <i>k</i>-Projections Surjective.
A Hierarchy of the Class of Apex NLC Graph Languages by Bounds on the Number of Nonterminal Nodes in Productions.
General Purpose Schedulers for Database System.
On timed alternating simulation for concurrent timed games.
LR error repair using the A* algorithm.
An Axiomatic Proof Technique for Parallel Programs I.
Subrekursive Komplexit&auml;t bei Gruppen: I. Gruppen mit vorgeschriebener Komplexit&auml;t.
Scheduling According to Job Priority with Prevention of Deadlock and Permanent Blocking.
Finding the <i>k</i> Most Vital Edges with Respect to Minimum Spanning Tree.
On-Line Scheduling on a Single Machine: Minimizing the Total Completion Time.
A Second Order Theory of Data Types.
Compiling quantum programs.
Online multi-coloring on the path revisited.
Edge-Disjoint Spanning Trees and Depth-First Search.
An Axiomatic Definition of the Programming Language PASCAL
A Specification Technique Based on Predicate Transformers.
CHAP and rewrite components.
Impurity measures in databases.
Termination Conventions and Comparative Semantics.
The Merlin-Randell Problem of Train Journeys.
Analyse et optimisation d'une proc&eacute;dure de reprise dans un syst&egrave;me de gestion de donn&eacute;es centralis&eacute;es.
Moving from interface theories to assembly theories.
Denotational Semantics of Object Specification.
Fundamental Operational Laws of Computer System Performance.
Substitution of Grammar Forms.
Networks of evolutionary processors.
Motion Planning Among Time Dependent Obstacles.
Networks of evolutionary processors: the power of subregular filters.
P systems with symport/antiport simulating counter automata.
Ianov Pushdown Schemes Are Contained in Boolean Recursive Schemes.
Reliability Theory of Program Testing.
On Derivation Languages Corresponding to Context-Free Grammars.
On Parsing Two-Level Grammars.
Erratum: Coincidental extension of scattered context languages.
Mellin Transforms and Asymptotics: The Mergesort Recurrence.
Probabilistic Models of Computer Systems.
Structural operational semantics and bounded nondeterminism.
Ind&eacute;pendance Forte de Certaines Op&eacute;rations.
Efficient Algorithms for the Transformation Between Different Types of Binary Decision Diagrams.
On the Synthesis of Function Inverses.
Good OL Forms.
Approximating Queue Lengths in <i>M</i>(t)/<i>G</i>/1 Queue Using the Maximum Entropy Principle.
Time-Space Trade-Offs in a Pebble Game.
A decision procedure for propositional projection temporal logic with infinite models.
A type safe state abstraction for coordination in Java -like languages.
Refined typing to localize the impact of forced strictness on free theorems.
A note on pure codes.
Termination of nondeterministic quantum programs.
Algebraic Computational Models of OR-Parallel Execution of Prolog.
Proving Total Correctness of Nondeterministic Programs in Infinitary Logic.
A bi-criterion single-machine scheduling problem with learning considerations.
Finite optimal control for time-bounded reachability in CTMDPs and continuous-time Markov games.
M/M/1 retrial queue with working vacations.
The Extendes Equivalence Problem for a Class of Non-Real-Time Deterministic Pushdowen Automata.
&Auml;quivalente Transformationen f&uuml;r Flu&szlig;diagramme.
A note on prefix primitive words.
On the Hotz Group of a Context-Free Grammar.
The Connection between an Event Structure Semantics and an Operational Semantics for TCSP.
A Model for Data Structures and its Applications. (Part II).
The Formal Definition of a Real-Time Language.
Special issue: selected papers from the 21st international symposium on temporal representations and reasoning (TIME-2014).
Disjunctive languages related to p-primitive words.
Deriving and paraphrasing information grammars using object-oriented analysis models.
Endliche Automaten und Zufallsfolgen.
On Finitely Recognizable Semigroups.
Bicentres de langages alg&eacute;briques.
Remarks on "A Synthesis of Several Sorting Algorithms" by John Darlington.
On the equivalence between FDs in XML and FDs in relations.
Maintaining mobile transactional consistency in hybrid broadcast environments.
Precedence Relations in Grammar Forms.
A Denotational Semantics for Shared-Memory Parallelism and Nondeterminism.
Minimum-Delay Schedules in Layered Networks.
A Typed Logic of Partial Functions Reconstructed Classically.
Nonatomic dual bakery algorithm with bounded tokens.
The Additivity Problem for Functional Dependencies in Incomplete Relations.
One-Pass Transformations of Attributed Program Trees.
Syntactic Complexity of Context-Free Grammars Over Word Monoids.
Goto Statements: Semantics and Deduction Systems.
Special issue on "Combining Compositionality and Concurrency": part 2.
Performance Considerations in the Parallel Execution of Numerical Algorithms on two Processors.
Category-theoretic fibration as an abstraction mechanism in information systems.
Zur Komplexit&auml;t von Sortierproblemen.
Partial (Set) 2-Structures. Part II: State Spaces of Concurrent Systems.
Group weighted finite transducers.
Storage Schemes for Boundedly Extendible Arrays.
Strong bisimilarity of simple process algebras: complexity lower bounds.
Deriving Graphs from Graphs by Applying a Production.
A Faster Approximation Algorithm for the Steiner Problem in Graphs.
A trace-based service semantics guaranteeing deadlock freedom.
An Almost Linear Robinson Unification Algorithm.
Theoretical Foundations of Handling Large Substitution Sets in Temporal Integrity Monitoring.
On the Complexity of Some Problems Concerning the Use of Procedures I.
A typed encoding of boxed into safe ambients.
Final and sequential behaviours of M-automata.
An Analysis and Implementation of an Efficient In-Place Bucket Sort.
Editorial: special issue on synthesis.
Constructing a Theory of a Data Structure as an Aid to Program Development.
On Fast Multiplication of Polynomials over Arbitrary Algebras.
Specification and Proving of Command Programs.
Generating Boolean mu-Expressions.
Axiomatic Data Type Specifications: A First Order Theory of Linear Lists.
Modular Correctness Proofs of Behavioural Implementations.
Parallel PROFIT/COST Algorithms Through Fast Derandomization.
A Distributed Operational Semantics for CCS Based on Condition/Event Systems.
A Performance Guarantee for the Greedy Set-Partitioning Algorithm.
Iterated Deterministic Substitution.
On the Max-Entropy Rule for a Binary Search Tree.
Computation and Use of Data Flow Information in Optimizing Compilers.
Analytic Variations on Bucket Selection and Sorting.
Remarks on the Complexity of an Invariant of Context-Free Grammars.
A general exhaustive generation algorithm for Gray structures.
Least common container of tree pattern queries and its applications.
Multirow Boundary-Labeling Algorithms for Panorama Images.
Location Estimation Using Crowdsourced Spatial Relations.
TRIFL: A Generic Trajectory Index for Flash Storage.
Snap Rounding with Restore: An Algorithm for Producing Robust Geometric Datasets.
A Server-Assigned Spatial Crowdsourcing Framework.
TerraNNI: Natural Neighbor Interpolation on 2D and 3D Grids Using a GPU.
Efficient Processing of Relevant Nearest-Neighbor Queries.
Simulating Our LifeSteps by Example.
An Efficient External Memory Algorithm for Terrain Viewshed Computation.
Tilewise Accumulated Cost Surface Computation with Graphics Processing Units.
Efficient Geo-Fencing via Hybrid Hashing: A Combination of Bucket Selection and In-Bucket Binary Search.
Generating Moving Regions from Snapshots of Complex Regions.
Matching Labels and Markers in Historical Maps: An Algorithm with Interactive Postprocessing.
Mining At Most Top-K&amp;percnt; Spatiotemporal Co-occurrence Patterns in Datasets with Extended Spatial Representations.
Social Influence-Aware Reverse Nearest Neighbor Search.
Personalized Group Recommender Systems for Location- and Event-Based Social Networks.
A Path-Based Distance for Street Map Comparison.
Spatial Consensus Queries in a Collaborative Environment.
Protecting Against Velocity-Based, Proximity-Based, and External Event Attacks in Location-Centric Social Networks.
Symbolic Trajectories.
Online Spatial Event Forecasting in Microblogs.
On Local Expert Discovery via Geo-Located Crowds, Queries, and Candidates.
Privacy-Aware Dynamic Ride Sharing.
Area-Preserving Simplification and Schematization of Polygonal Subdivisions.
The effect of bi-component acrylate prepolymers on the phase separation and electro-optical properties of pixel-isolated liquid crystals.
Emission and charge transport properties of thiophene-terminated thiophene/phenylene co-oligomer crystals.
Instrumented film-insert injection compression molding for lens encapsulation of liquid crystal displays.
The enhanced navigator for the touch screen: A comparative study on navigational techniques of web maps.
Green organic light-emitting diodes with improved stability and efficiency utilizing a wide band gap material as the host.
An optimized Radial Basis Function model for color characterization of a mobile device display.
Dry etch damage and recovery of gallium indium zinc oxide thin-film transistors with etch-back structures.
How age affects the speed of perception of computer icons.
Paired comparisons in visual perception studies using small sample sizes.
Polyaniline: Application as solid state electrochromic in a flexible textile display.
Spectral studies of white organic light-emitting devices based on multi-emitting layers.
Effect of the display medium of a mammogram on microcalcification - diagnostic performance and the subjective preference of radiologists according to differing professional experience.
Effect of ambient illumination level on perceived autostereoscopic display quality and depth perception.
A new compensation pixel circuit with all-p-type TFTs for AMOLED displays.
Implementation of 21: 9 cinema mode function using two ICs supporting full HD resolution.
A study of the relationship between color-concept association and occupational background for Chinese.
Saccade detection during smooth tracking.
The Spectral Radiance Piecewise Partition Model for characterizing Liquid Crystal Displays.
Visual quality evaluation of large LED displays based on subjective sensory perception.
Visual strategies for the control of steering toward a goal.
Investigation of Curtain Mura in TFT-TN panels after COG ACF process.
Study on the influences of quantum well structure on the performance of organic light emitting devices.
Cell parameter extraction method for AC plasma display panels.
Non-doped white organic light-emitting diodes consisting of three primary colors based on a bipolar emitter.
Structure and application of polarizer film for thin-film-transistor liquid crystal displays.
Disparity-based just-noticeable-difference model for perceptual stereoscopic video coding using depth of focus blur effect.
Temperature-dependent electrical and dielectric properties of nematic liquid crystals doped with ferroelectric particles.
VITAL: An electromagnetic integrated tactile display.
Flexible transparent electrodes made of electrochemically exfoliated graphene sheets from low-cost graphite pieces.
A quantitative measurement of LCD and PDP TVs for human visual preference and fatigue.
Investigation of technological trends in flexible display fabrication through patent analysis.
Reading e-books on a near-to-eye display: Comparison between a small-sized multimedia display and a hard copy.
Enhanced properties of organic electroluminescent devices with cesium chloride ultra-thin layer.
LED brightness control for video display application.
Introduction to editable visual object and its description schema for mobile applications.
Novel voltage programming n-channel TFT pixel circuit for low power and high performance AMOLED displays.
Nuancing the relationship between motion sickness and postural stability.
Quantitative evaluation of effects of visually-induced motion sickness based on causal coherence functions between blood pressure and heart rate.
Synthesis of Bi<sup>3+</sup> and Gd<sup>3+</sup> doped ZnB<sub>2</sub>O<sub>4</sub> for evaluation as potential materials in luminescent display applications.
Complete electrical and optical simulation of electronic paper.
Optimization of sustain pulse parameters for luminous efficacy improvement in an AC plasma display panel.
Real 3D increases perceived depth over anaglyphs but does not cancel stereo-anomaly.
A new red colour emitting phosphor - ZnS: Mn co-doped with Ba for electroluminescent (EL) displays.
EEG-based detection and evaluation of fatigue caused by watching 3DTV.
Viewing angle effects from wide field video projection images on the human equilibrium.
Observation threshold of product represented angles and its related factors.
Effects of Palm and WinCE menu-design for PDA on users' operating performance and subjective preference.
Perceptual attributes of crosstalk in 3D images.
A new characterization method to define the viewing angle range of matrix displays.
How human perceptions of Mura affect LCD market values.
Synthesis of submicron-sized spherical green phosphors by reverse emulsion method and their application to phosphor inks for ink-jet process in PDP.
The factor structure of cybersickness.
Visual discomfort of 3D TV: Assessment methods and modeling.
Developing novel liquid crystal technologies for display and photonic applications.
Visual gamma correction for LCD displays.
Optimization of Chinese interface design in motion environments.
Two-stage dither to enhance gray scales based on real-time motion detection in plasma display panel.
Effect of the field of view on perceiving world-referenced image motion during concurrent head movements.
Subjective evaluation of visual fatigue caused by motion images.
Effect of sputtering condition on the surface properties of silicon oxide thin films prepared for liquid crystal alignment layers.
Organic light-emitting diodes using potassium chloride as efficiency and stability enhancers.
Design of system-on-glass for poly-Si TFT OLEDs using mixed-signals simulation.
A distortion-free data hiding scheme for high dynamic range images.
Power-efficient drive circuit for plasma display panel.
Random dot generation scheme using molecular dynamics method for illumination design of a round plane LED source light guide.
Investigation of top-emitting organic light-emitting devices with highly saturated color employing metal-mirror structure.
Implementation of an LED tile controller for high-quality image display.
Structural characterization and optical properties of dysprosium doped strontium calcium magnesium di-silicate phosphor by solid state reaction method.
Effect of electron transport layer engineering based on blue phosphorescent organic light-emitting diodes.
Reading Chinese horizontal/vertical leading display on a liquid-colour display television.
Synthesis and characterization of luminescent Eu(HMAP)<sub>3</sub>&#183;2H<sub>2</sub>O and Tb(HMAP)<sub>3</sub>&#183;2H<sub>2</sub>O complexes.
Numerical comparison of LED directivity approximation functions for video displays.
Color image authentication with tamper detection and remedy based on BCH and Bayer Pattern.
Flexible-characteristics inspection system for flexible substrates by using image feedback control.
An efficient and bright organic white-light-emitting device.
Dielectric characterization and voltage holding ratio of blue-phase cells.
Influence of wall charge distribution on time lag of address discharge in AC plasma display panels.
Color constancy for visual compensation of projector displayed image.
Hybrid method for modelling light leakage by a spherical object in a liquid crystal layer.
Biased scan of plasma display panel for data voltage reduction.
Performances enhancement in OLEDs by inserting ultrathin trilayer in electron injection structure and using MoO<sub>3</sub> as hole buffer layer.
Small molecular and polymer organic light-emitting diodes based on novel iridium complex phosphor.
Autostereoscopic multi-view 3D display with pivot function, using the image display of the square subpixel structure.
Equivalent circuit model and characteristic parameters for AC PDP discharge cells.
Influence of wall charge on image sticking phenomena in AC plasma display panels.
Improvement of picture quality of high Xe content plasma display panels based on facing discharge suppression.
Optimized PDA orientation and screen layout for Chinese vocabulary learning by young children.
Self assembly polymer microlens array for integral imaging.
White organic light emitting devices with thin 4-(dicyanomethylene)-2-t-butyl-6(1, 1, 7, 7-tetramethyljulolidyl-9-enyl)-4H-pyran (DCJTB) layer.
Effects of monitor size on accuracy and time needed to detect cephalometric radiographs landmarks.
Visual-quality evaluation methodology for multiview displays.
Characteristics of polycrystalline Si TFTs fabricated on glass substrates by excimer laser annealing with nickel-sputtered amorphous Si films.
Recovery of the electrically resistive properties of a degraded liquid crystal.
Design of a novel symmetric microprism array for dual-view display.
Drive waveform for high resolution and high Xe content AC plasma display panels.
Electrochromic organic and polymeric materials for display applications.
Design and evolution of web-based screen management middleware for interactive multipurpose public displays.
Differentiation in the arched surface of packaging: Its influence on the findability of logo typography displays.
Highly efficient and stable white organic light emitting diode with triply doped structure.
Control of inkjet printed profiles by solvent-vapor annealing.
Design and characterization of new lanthanide fluorides and their optical properties.
Motion games improve balance control in stroke survivors: A preliminary study based on the principle of constraint-induced movement therapy.
Comparing reading processes on e-ink displays and print.
Improvement of color purity and electrical characteristics by co-doping method for flexible red-light organic light emitting devices.
Selection of character/background colour combinations for onscreen searching tasks: An eye movement, subjective and performance approach.
Observation on CNT-FED under various vacuum levels and calculation on number of electron-gas collisions.
A reversible data hiding algorithm based on probabilistic DNA-XOR secret sharing scheme for color images.
Unlocking the potential of p-doped hole transport layers in inverted organic light emitting diodes.
The relationships between automobile head-up display presentation images and drivers' Kansei.
Medical device design in context: A model of user-device interaction and consequences.
A novel authenticatable color visual secret sharing scheme using non-expanded meaningful shares.
An illumination distribution preserved colour substitution algorithm based on dichromatic reflection model.
Low operating-voltage and high power-efficiency OLED employing MoO<sub>3</sub>-doped CuPc as hole injection layer.
Fabrication and characterization of Pb-free transparent dielectric layer for plasma display panel.
Editorial for the special issue on "Organic Displays" to be published as a volume in Displays.
Adaptive-hierarchical filtering approach for noise removal.
Electrochromic devices based on wide band-gap nanocrystalline semiconductors functionalized with mononuclear charge transfer compounds.
Visual fatigue caused by stereoscopic images and the search for the requirement to prevent them: A review.
Modelling VCR-like video content navigation.
A 25-year retrospective review of visual complaints and illusions associated with a monocular helmet-mounted display.
Intra-visual conflict in visually induced motion sickness.
Highly efficient phosphorescent polymer OLEDs fabricated by screen printing.
The effect of multilayer quantum well structure on the characteristics of OLEDs.
A multi-domain vertical alignment liquid crystal display to improve the V-T property.
Added value of an autostereoscopic multiview 3-D display for advertising in a public environment.
Survey on motion sickness-like symptoms provoked by viewing a video movie during junior high school class.
The effects of Chinese typeface design, stroke weight, and contrast polarity on glance based legibility.
Improved passive-matrix multiplexability with a modular display and UTCP technology.
Non-contact resistance measurement of transparent electrodes deposited on flexible display substrates under repetitive bending test by terahertz time domain spectroscopy.
Ramp driver circuit for improving the stability of ramp slope in a flat panel display driver.
The applied issues in visual perception and action: Preface to a special issue.
Stable white light emission from an externally modified organic light-emitting device.
Viewers' optimization of preferred viewing distance by spatial resolution of TV display.
Relationship between exciton recombination zone and applied voltage in organic light-emitting diodes.
An enhanced one-dimensional SPIHT algorithm and its implementation for TV systems.
Age-related difference in steering control under reduced visibility conditions.
Menu hierarchies for in-vehicle user-interfaces: Modelling the depth vs. breadth trade-off.
The adverse health and safety effects of viewing visual images.
Electrode modification in organic light-emitting diodes.
Luminance contrast and chromaticity contrast preference on the colour display for young and elderly users.
Display-metrology for liquid-crystal-television-screens.
Quantification of colour stimuli through the calculation of CIE chromaticity coordinates and luminance data for application to in situ colorimetry studies of electrochromic materials.
Blue electroluminescent materials based on phenylanthracene-substituted fluorene derivatives for organic light-emitting diodes.
High colour rendering index white organic light-emitting devices with three emitting layers.
Stereoscopic 3D displays and human performance: A comprehensive review.
Virtual reality induced symptoms and effects (VRISE): Comparison of head mounted display (HMD), desktop and projection display systems.
The dependence of the thermal characteristics variation and image sticking phenomenon of PDP on the dielectric loss.
The reduction of driving voltage in organic light-emitting devices by inserting step barrier layer.
A real-time image processor with combining dynamic contrast ratio enhancement and inverse gamma correction for PDP.
How homepage aesthetic design influences users' satisfaction: Evidence from China.
Enhancement of the light output of GaN-based light-emitting diodes using surface-textured indium-tin-oxide transparent ohmic contacts.
Electroluminescent properties of poly[N, N&#8242;-bis(4-butylphenyl)-N, N&#8242;-bis(phenyl)benzidine] doped with 1, 3, 5-Tris(1-phenyl-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl)benzene.
The effect of depth map up-sampling on the overall quality of stereopairs.
Synthesis of SrAl<sub>2</sub>O<sub>4</sub>: Eu<sup>2+</sup>, Dy<sup>3+</sup>, Gd<sup>3+</sup> phosphor by combustion method and its phosphorescence properties.
The impact of video characteristics and subtitles on visual comfort of 3D TV.
A blue organic light emitting diodes with graded junction.
Frequency-dependent light emission and extinction of electroluminescent ZnS: Cu phosphor.
Influence of interlayer on the performance of phosphorescent white organic light-emitting devices.
The n-alcohols liquid doping effect on the twisted nematic liquid crystals.
Effects of computer icons and figure/background area ratios and color combinations on visual search performance on an LCD monitor.
Influence of ball milling parameters on blue phosphor for cathode ray tube.
A high resolution Poly-Si TFT-LCD employing analog sample and hold driver.
Simulating time-to-contact when both target and observer are in motion.
The influence of polarized 3D display on autonomic nervous activities.
Blue solid state cathodoluminescence of ZnSe.
A driving simulator study to explore the effects of text size on the visual demand of in-vehicle displays.
Integration of polymer-dispersed liquid crystal composites with conducting polymer thin films toward the fabrication of flexible display devices.
Visualizing complex processes on large screen displays: Design principles based on the Information Rich Design concept.
Change of the observed binocular disparity of the moving 3D object in 3D technology based on the time-division.
From action icon to knowledge icon: Objective-oriented icon taxonomy in computer science.
A new COP bonding using non-conductive adhesives for LCDs driver IC packaging.
Super multi-view and holographic displays using MEMS devices.
Novel carbazole/anthracene hybrids for efficient blue organic light-emitting diodes.
The effects of display delay on simulator sickness.
UHD TV image enhancement using example-based spatially adaptive image restoration filter.
Empirical comparison of image retrieval color similarity methods with human judgment.
Fusion of visible and infrared imagery for night color vision.
Reliability of MEMS: A perspective on failure mechanisms, improvement solutions and best practices at development level.
Manipulation image processing algorithmic technology to realize 1.8" RGBW transflective TFT-LCDs with adjustable colour gamut.
Comparative color gamut analysis of xvYCC standard.
Perceptual thresholds for display lag in a real visual environment are not affected by field of view or psychophysical technique.
Eliminating optical bounce of homeotropic liquid crystal cells with sputtered silicon dioxide alignment films by rubbing treatment.
Optical bounce in a multi-domain vertical aligned liquid crystal display.
Measurement of minimum angle of resolution (MAR) for the spatial grating consisting of lines of two colors.
Effects of bending curvature and ambient illuminance on the visual performance of young and elderly participants using simulated electronic paper displays.
LED projector with two liquid crystal on silicon light valves and a fly's eye integrator.
The interlaced/progressive scan method to reduce the switching noise caused by data pulse in a plasma display.
Transmission and reflection dual operational mode MEMS display device.
CaMoO<sub>4</sub>: RE<sup>3+</sup>, Yb<sup>3+</sup>, M<sup>+</sup> phosphor with controlled morphology and color tunable upconversion.
Increasing social presence of social actors in e-learning environments: Effects of dynamic and static emoticons on children.
Effects of screen resolution and column ratio on search performance and subjective preferences.
Colorizing single band intensified nightvision images.
Reading Chinese text on a small screen with RSVP.
Red emitting MTiO<sub>3</sub> (M = Ca or Sr) phosphors doped with Eu<sup>3+</sup> or Pr<sup>3+</sup> with some cations as co-dopants.
New display concept for realistic reproduction of high-luminance colors.
An improved least-significant-bit substitution method using the modulo three strategy.
Effects of bending curvature and text/background color-combinations of e-paper on subjects' visual performance and subjective preferences under various ambient illuminance conditions.
Quantitative analysis of time-course development of motion sickness caused by in-vehicle video watching.
White organic light-emitting diodes with improved performance using phosphorescent sensitizer and ultrathin fluorescent emitter.
New technique of obtaining visually perceived positions of 3-D images using movements of users' bodies.
Effects of the single and double (overlap) scanned excimer laser annealing on solid phase crystallized silicon films.
Visual ergonomics of video-display-terminal workstations: Field measurements of luminance for various display settings.
Surface treatment of molybdenum oxide for performance improvement of organic light emitting diodes.
White organic light-emitting devices with a solution-processed small molecular emission layer.
Evaluating and improving color washout of vertical aligned liquid crystal display.
Formation of high-purity organic thin films by gas flow deposition and the effect of impurities on device characteristics.
Analysis of luminance variation with display load and display pattern in AC-plasma display panels.
Non-doped red emission: A solution for bias-independent red emission.
Effect of PEDOT: PSS vs. MoO<sub>3</sub> as the hole injection layer on performance of C545T-based green electroluminescent light-emitting diodes.
A low damage GaN-based light-emitting diode with textured/inclined sidewalls and an air-buffer layer.
Design of non-polarizing color splitting filters used for projection display system.
Nondestructive defect inspection for LCDs using optical coherence tomography.
120 Hz low cross-talk stereoscopic display with intelligent LED backlight enabled by multi-dimensional controlling IC.
Efficient organic light-emitting diodes with C<sub>60</sub> buffer layer.
Tactile displays: Overview and recent advances.
Improvement of brightness and efficiency in organic light-emitting diodes using 1, 3-bis(4-tert-butylphenyl-1, 3, 4-oxadiazoyl) phenylene as the hole buffer layer.
Ergonomics recommendations for simultaneous and delayed presentation of visual and auditory signals.
Biologically-inspired heuristics for human-like walking trajectories toward targets and around obstacles.
Perception of surfaces from line drawings.
A pointer device for TFT display screens that determines position by detecting colours on the display using a colour sensor and an Artificial Neural Network.
Electrochemically-switchable emission and absorption by using luminescent Lanthanide(III) complex and electrochromic molecule toward novel display device with dual emissive and reflective mode.
Reduction of spatially non-uniform 3D crosstalk for stereoscopic display using shutter glasses.
Eliciting situated feedback: A comparison of paper, web forms and public displays.
Adapting to virtual environments: Visual-motor skill acquisition versus perceptual recalibration.
Effect of character size and lighting on legibility of electronic papers.
Medical device displays: Special issue editorial.
Visual fatigue caused by viewing stereoscopic motion images: Background, theories, and observations.
Evaluation of temporal relationship between a physiological index and a subjective score using average mutual information.
New 3-D display that can display 3-D images at long distances and that can control their 3-D positions using changing size as a cue to depth perception.
The effects of 0.2 Hz varying latency with 20-100 ms varying amplitude on simulator sickness in a helmet mounted display.
A study on the possibility of implementing a real-time stereoscopic 3D rendering TV system.
Applying the concept of Information Mass in cognizing difficulty of Chinese word strings.
Louvers design for LED displays for sunny days.
Characterization and optimization to improve uneven surface on MEMS bridge fabrication.
Visual performance and fatigue in reading vibrating numeric displays.
A novel driver for active matrix electrowetting displays.
Display configurations in a small footprint clinical driving simulator.
Small molecules with pyridine backbone modified with carbazole, fluorine and bromine for white light-emitting diode applications.
Hollow-core polymeric nanoparticles for the enhancement of OLED outcoupling efficiency.
Red phosphor Li<sub>2</sub>Mg<sub>2</sub>(WO<sub>4</sub>)<sub>3</sub>: Eu<sup>3+</sup> with lyonsite structure for near ultraviolet light-emitting diodes.
Viewer experience with stereoscopic 3D television in the home.
Doping effect of Ir(ppy)<sub>3</sub> on white-light electrophosphorescent devices based on platinum(II) [1, 3-difluoro-4, 6-di(2-pyridinyl)benzene] chloride.
Measurement of multiple JNDs for developing Mura ranking standards in LCD.
Improved efficiency and lifetime for green phosphorescent organic light-emitting diodes using charge control layer.
Etendue analysis and measurement of light source with elliptical reflector.
Hybrid crystals based on thiophene/phenylene co-oligomers.
Cortical responses to congruent and incongruent stereo cues for objects on a collision path with the observer.
Identifying regions of interest in reading an image.
Genre-dependent effects of 3D film on presence, motion sickness, and protagonist perception.
A framework of perceptual quality assessment on LCD-TV.
Fabrication and characterization of double-sided organic light-emitting diodes using silver and nickel as the metal linking layer.
Measurement of the mechanical properties of brightness enhancement films (BEFs) for LCDs by optical interferometry.
Evaluation of detection and discrimination ability of peripheral vision on notification information based on large displays.
Formation of the overcoat layer and column spacer for TFT-LCD using capillary force lithography.
Chromatic-stable white organic light-emitting devices incorporating red color conversion layers.
Single emitting layer white organic light-emitting device with high color stability to applied voltage.
Design guidance of backlight optic for improvement of the brightness in the conventional edge-lit LCD backlight.
Red-colored products enhance the attractiveness of women.
Colour characterization of handheld game console displays.
Accommodation, cognition, and virtual image displays: A review of the literature.
Steady state current in EPIDs.
Wide-viewing angle twisted-vertical alignment liquid crystal cells without disclination lines.
Geometrical considerations on the directivity of reflected light from a paraboloidal mirror.
Characteristics of habituation to motion in a virtual environment.
Effects of display method, text display rate and observation angle on comprehension performance and subjective preferences for reading Chinese on an LED display.
Synthesis and characterization of some 5-coordinated aluminum-8-hydroxyquinoline derivatives for OLED applications.
The evaluation of visuospatial performance between screen and paper.
Effects of ambient illumination conditions and background color on visual performance with TFT-LCD screens.
Highly efficient styrylamine-doped blue and white organic electroluminescent devices.
Optic flow and geometric field of view in a driving simulator display.
How visual background motion and task difficulty modulate players' performance in a shooting task.
Visually induced motion sickness: Single- versus dual-axis motion.
Design of high speed gate driver employing IZO TFTs.
Effect of MgZnO-bilayer/BA-CH<sub>3</sub> combination interlayer on emission characteristics of MoO<sub>3</sub>/F8BT/ZnO hybrid light emitting diodes fabricated on ZnO/Ag/ZnO transparent cathode.
Analysis of the dependence of indium-gallium-zinc oxide thin-film transistor properties on the gate interface material using a two-stack gate-insulator structure.
Screen-printing fabrication of electrowetting displays based on poly(imide siloxane) and polyimide.
The enhancement of the BRCR (Bright Room Contrast Ratio) in a plasma display panel.
A high-brightness diffractive stereoscopic display technology.
Usability study of text-based CAPTCHAs.
MEMS based fiber optical microendoscopes.
The improvement of the driving waveform for high-speed addressing.
A scalable architecture for geometric correction of multi-projector display systems.
Design of reflective projection lens with Zernike polynomials surfaces.
Inverse error-diffusion using iterated conditional modes.
Equally moved and not really sick from viewing 2D and 3D motion stimuli on a TV screen.
Compact LED projector with tapered light pipes for moderate light output applications.
An interactive and multi-functional refreshable Braille device for the visually impaired.
Luminance contrast and the visual span during visual target localization.
3D whole body scanners revisited.
Assessing comfortable 3D visual environment based on human factors.
Patterning cathode for organic light-emitting diode by pulsed laser ablation.
Luminescent properties of europium and terbium complexes with 2&#8242;-hydroxy-4&#8242;, 6&#8242;-dimethoxyacetophenone.
Film thickness influence of dual iridium complex ultrathin layers on the performance of nondoped white organic light-emitting diodes.
Enhanced luminescence of GaN-based light-emitting diodes by selective wet etching of GaN/sapphire interface using direct heteroepitaxy laterally overgrowth technique.
Colour management system for displaying microscope images.
Augmented reality in educational activities for children with disabilities.
Ultraviolet embossed alignment layers having patterned spacers for flexible liquid crystal display.
Navigating virtual mazes: The benefits of audiovisual landmarks.
A random grid-based cyclic access structure VSS scheme for multiple secret images.
A visual display enhancing comfort by counteracting airsickness.
The effects of panel arrangement on search performance.
The effect of organic multi-layer periodic structure on carrier balance based on OLEDs.
Stimulus duration thresholds for reading numerical time information: Effects of visual size and number of time units.
A theory on visually induced motion sickness.
Bright red-to-yellow organic light-emitting devices based on polarization-induced spectral shifts and broadening.
Red light emission from hybrid organic/inorganic quantum dot AC light emitting displays.
Synthesis and luminescence of red MEH-PPV: P3OT polymer.
The synthesis and electrochemical properties of anodic electrochromic materials phenothiazine derivatives and their electrochromic devices.
The relationship between the barrier-rib height of AC-PDP and address discharge characteristics.
A low-power scan driver employing IZO TFTs including an AC-DC type output module.
Demonstration of color filters for OLED display based on extraordinary optical transmission through periodic hole array on metallic film.
Study of polarization state of the transmitted light through the cholesteric liquid crystal.
Effect of Mn<sup>2+</sup> ions on the photoluminescence characteristics of Eu<sup>3+</sup>-doped Zn<sub>3</sub>(BO<sub>3</sub>)<sub>2</sub> nanoparticles.
Just noticeable difference in black level, white level and chroma for natural images measured in two different countries.
The tolerance range of binocular disparity on a 3D display based on the physiological characteristics of ocular accommodation.
Motion adaptive deblurring filter for LCD.
Impact of aberrations on speckle suppression efficiency on moving a DOE inside the optical system.
Effect of strategic accommodation training by wide stereoscopic movie presentation on myopic young people of visual acuity and asthenopia.
Advanced MEMS-based technologies and displays.
Enhanced user performance in an image gallery application with a mobile autostereoscopic touch display.
Limitations of visual gamma corrections in LCD displays.
MEMS optical switches and interconnects.
A reversible data hiding scheme based on the Sudoku technique.
The phase separation of polymer blends doped with low concentration probed by transient electroluminescence.
"Secondary doping" methods to significantly enhance the conductivity of PEDOT: PSS for its application as transparent electrode of optoelectronic devices.
Impedance analysis and equivalent circuit of an all-plastic viologen based electrochromic device.
Quantum well organic light emitting diodes with ultra thin Rubrene layer.
Enhancement of red fluorescence and afterglow in CaWO<sub>4</sub>: Eu<sup>3+</sup> by addition of MoO<sub>3</sub>.
Wide color gamut and high dynamic range displays using RGBW LCDs.
A special issue of Displays on "9th International Conference on Electroluminescence &amp; Organic Optoelectronics (ICEL2012)".
IZO deposition by RF and DC sputtering on paper and application on flexible electrochromic devices.
A study of image contrast restriction in displays using diffractive spatial light modulators.
Mid-infrared characterization of thiophene-based thin polymer films.
Turn-on voltage reduction of organic light-emitting diode using a nickel-doped indium tin oxide anode prepared by single target sputtering.
Minimum amount of time required to retrieve peripheral numeric information in augmented-reality systems using a colour sequential DLP display.
Taylor series and adaptive directional selection for real time demosaicking.
Minimum ambient illumination requirement for legible electronic-paper display.
Development of a new automatic gamma control system for mobile LCD applications.
Towards nanoscale molecular switch-based liquid crystal displays.
The viewing angle dependency in the presence of wide field image viewing and its relationship to the evaluation indices.
Evaluation of TFT-LCD defects based on human visual perception.
Efficient vector-oriented graphic drawing method for laser-scanned display.
Analysis of light leakage between the adjacent pixels in a color-filter stacked white OLED display.
Effects of anti-glare surface treatment, ambient illumination and bending curvature on legibility and visual fatigue of electronic papers.
Pairwise comparison and rank learning for image quality assessment.
Spectroscopic and photoluminescence properties of MgO: Cr<sup>3+</sup> nanosheets for WLEDs.
Simulations of pixel moir&eacute;s in the liquid crystal display with image processing technique.
Comparison of gender differences in young people's blog interface preferences and designs.
Color combination and exposure time on legibility and EEG response of icon presented on visual display terminal.
Effect of alkali metal ions co-doping on the structure and luminescent properties of phosphor Zn<sub>3</sub>(BO<sub>3</sub>)<sub>2</sub>: Eu<sup>3+</sup>.
The effects of screen size on rotating 3D contents using compound gestures on a mobile device.
The influence of line spacing and text alignment on visual search of web pages.
Legibility and visual fatigue affected by text direction, screen size and character size on color LCD e-reader.
Effects of discomfort glare on performance in attending peripheral visual information in displays.
Single cell magnetorheological fluid based tactile display.
Shape change of Ag electrode with shrinkage difference between electrode and dielectric in PDP.
Next generation TV systems and technologies.
MEMS-based tactile displays.
The effects of device structure on the performances of distyrylbiphenyl compounds based organic light emitting diodes.
Improved field emission characteristics of screen-printed CNT-FED cathode by interfusing Fe/Ni nano-grains.
Colorimetric color reproduction framework for screen relaxation of projection display.
Lighting, font style, and polarity on visual performance and visual fatigue with electronic paper displays.
Internal and external fields of view affect cybersickness.
Ergonomic evaluation of a field-sequential colour projection system.
Influence of CuSn thickness on the work function and optoelectrical properties of ZnO/CuSn/ZnO multilayer films.
An in situ colorimetric measurement study of electrochromism in the di-n-heptyl viologen system.
Investigation of starburst phenomenon using ray tracing for touch screen panels.
ClearType sub-pixel text rendering: Preference, legibility and reading performance.
Brightness and contrast do not affect visually induced motion sickness in a passively-flown fixed-base flight simulator.
A novel red organic light-emitting diode with ultrathin DCJTB and Rubrene layers.
Organic light-emitting diodes with improved hole-electron balance and tunable light emission with aromatic diamine/bathocuproine multiple hole-trapping-layer.
Viewing angle dependency of visually-induced motion sickness in viewing wide-field images by subjective and autonomic nervous indices.
Effect of 2+2 dynamic drive scheme on electro-optical characteristics in cholesteric liquid crystal displays.
A study on the cognitive of complexity and difficulty of chinese characters when reading and recognizing.
Compressed file length predicts search time and errors on visual displays.
Effects of stereoscopic movies: The positions of stereoscopic objects and the viewing conditions.
Analysis of thermo-physical and optical properties of a diffuser using PET/PC/PBT copolymer in LCD backlight units.
High optical density and low dielectric constant black matrix containing graphene oxide and carbon black on color filters.
Visual-haptic feedback interaction in automotive touchscreens.
Human factors in computer simulations of urban environment. Differences between architects and non-architects' assessments.
The preferences of young children for images used in dynamic graphical interfaces in computer-assisted English vocabulary learning.
Development and comparison of a full-scale car display and communication system by applying Augmented Reality.
A model for qualitative colour comparison using interval distances.
Stereoscopic projector for polarized viewing with extended color gamut.
Efficient co-doped white organic light-emitting diodes with high color stability and color rendering index.
Assessing stereo blindness and stereo acuity on digital displays.
An efficient memory control method for video and image processing in digital TV.
Usability evaluation of E-books.
Transparent electrodes based on conducting polymers for display applications.
Spatial S-R compatibility of visual and auditory signals: implications for human-machine interface design.
Versatile energy recovery circuit for driving AC plasma display panel with single sustain circuit board.
The effects of D<sub>2</sub> addition on the discharge characteristics of He-Ne-Xe gas mixture in an AC-PDP.
Direct-touch vs. mouse input for navigation modes of the web map.
Attention and intended action in multitasking: An understanding of cognitive workload.
Giant-grain silicon (GGS) and its application to stable thin-film transistor.
Improved electrophosphorescence efficiency for organic light-emitting diodes using the cohost with stepwise blending profile.
Multilayer cathode for organic light-emitting devices.
Bipolar drive waveform for long-gap high-Xe plasma display panels.
Effects of dynamic display, presentation method, speed, and task type on reading comprehension of wristwatch screens.
Editorial for Special Issue on "Advanced MEMS-based Technologies and Displays".
Overlapped sustain waveform for improving recovery characteristics of temporal bright image sticking in ac-plasma display panels.
Simplified algorithms for rate-distortion optimization in high efficiency video coding.
Improvement in performance of GaN-based light-emitting diodes with indium tin oxide based transparent ohmic contacts.
LED PWM dimming linearity investigation.
Utilization of a composite hole transporting layer and novel homogeneous double emitting layers for performance improvement and low efficiency roll-off in organic light-emitting diodes.
Displayability: An assessment of differentiation design for the findability of bottle packaging.
Qualitative analysis of individual and composite content factors of stereoscopic 3D video causing visual discomfort.
Visual fatigue during VDT work: Effects of time-based and environment-based conditions.
A comparative study of fine depth perception on two-view 3D displays.
Reading performance as screening tool for visual complaints from stereoscopic content.
Adaptive address energy recovery circuit for reducing address power in color PDPs.
Investigation and modeling of visual fatigue caused by S3D content using eye-tracking.
Reversible image steganographic scheme via predictive coding.
Performance analysis of inter-layer prediction in scalable extension of HEVC (SHVC) for adaptive media service.
Visual comfort enhancement in stereoscopic 3D images using saliency-adaptive nonlinear disparity mapping.
Visual discomfort of stereoscopic 3D videos: Influence of 3D motion.
Effect of light source, ambient illumination, character size and interline spacing on visual performance and visual fatigue with electronic paper displays.
Distance estimation with mixed real and virtual targets in stereoscopic displays.
Analysing user physiological responses for affective video summarisation.
Exploiting perceptual limitations and illusions to support walking through virtual environments in confined physical spaces.
The influence of inertial loading on color gamut properties of a TFT LCD display.
White organic light-emitting devices with non-doped-type structure.
Natural perception in dynamic stereoscopic augmented reality environments.
Visual image safety.
The effect of viewing a laser-scanned display on colour perception and the visual accommodation response.
Perceptual image hashing with selective sampling for salient structure features.
Electrical characteristics of amorphous In-Ga-Zn-O thin-film transistors prepared by radio frequency magnetron sputtering with varying oxygen flows.
LC dependent electro-optical properties of holographic polymer dispersed liquid crystals.
Spatial stimulus-response compatibility for hand and foot controls with vertical plane visual signals.
Effect of display resolution and antialiasing on the discrimination of simulated-aircraft orientation.
Eye contact and video-mediated communication: A review.
Comparison of electron transporting layer in white OLED with a double emissive layer structure.
Tactile display using shape memory alloy micro-coil actuator and magnetic latch mechanism.
Generating Chinese characters based on stroke splitting and feature extraction.
Constrained non-negative matrix factorization for multiline addressing schemes of quick-response liquid powder display.
Synthesis of Sm<sup>3+</sup> and Dy<sup>3+</sup> doped LaBWO<sub>6</sub> for evaluation as potential materials in luminescent display applications.
Factors influencing the usability of icons in the LCD touchscreen.
Preparation of TiO<sub>2</sub> coated silicate micro-spheres for enhancing the light diffusion property of polycarbonate composites.
Influence of the rigidity of the steroid core in the structure of chiral dopants on the temperature dependence of cholesteric short pitch.
Method of controlling external electrode fluorescent lamps for local dimming of liquid crystal displays.
Visual multiple-secret sharing for flexible general access structure by random grids.
The influence of color grouping on users' visual search behavior and preferences.
Effects of 3D displays: A comparison between shuttered and polarized displays.
A 6.94-in. WVGA poly-Si TFT-LCD with integrated driver including sequential analog sampling circuits.
Effect of single crystalline MgO powder treatment of phosphor surface on discharge property of high-Xe AC plasma display panels.
Improved performance of organic light-emitting devices with 2-(4-biphenyl)-5-(4-butylphenyl)-1, 3, 4-oxadiazole.
Soft materials and flexible structures for display technologies.
An alternative bend-testing technique for a flexible indium tin oxide film.
Optically adjustable display color gamut in time-sequential displays using LED/Laser light sources.
Icon-function relationship in toolbar icons.
A perceptual evaluation of grating frequencies and velocities in the analysis of dynamic images.
A unified panoramic stitching and multi-projector rendering scheme for immersive panoramic displays.
Anaglyph video smell presentation using micro-porous piezoelectric film olfactory display.
A LTPS-TFT pixel circuit for active matrix organic light emitting diode based on improved current mirror.
The effect of various electrodes on the properties of electroluminescent devices with potassium chloride inside tris (8-hydroxyquinoline) aluminum.
Comparison of the light output of LCOS projection architectures using LEDs.
A new driving waveform to improve the minimum data voltage.
Rating analysis and comparisons of resonant circuit based sustain drivers for PDPs.
Design and implementation of a graphic-haptic display system.
Color measurement for RGB white LEDs in solid-state lighting using a BDJ photodetector.
Obtaining high-efficiency red electrophosphorescent OLEDs by changing the thickness of light-emitting layer.
A volumetric 3D display based on a DLP projection engine.
Visual discomfort relaxation for stereoscopic 3D images by adjusting zero-disparity plane for projection.
Improved current-spreading performance of an InGaN-based light-emitting diode with a clear p-GaN/n-GaN barrier junction.
Assessment visual fatigue of watching 3DTV using EEG power spectral parameters.
Human factors approach for evaluation and redesign of human-system interfaces of a nuclear power plant simulator.
Efficient bluish-green phosphorescent iridium complex for both solution-processed and vacuum-deposited organic light-emitting diodes.
Reading a dynamic presentation of Chinese text on a single-line display.
Time-frequency structure of image motion vectors around cybersickness intervals determined with biosignals.
Facile synthesis of lanthanide vanadates and their luminescent properties.
Removal of hot spot speckle on laser projection screen using both the running screen and the rotating diffuser.
Innovative progress in materials for display technologies.
Visual acuity and contrast sensitivity screening with a new iPad application.
Egocentric distance perception in large screen immersive displays.
Fabrication of a thin plasmonic color sheet embedded with Al subwavelength gratings in parylene.
Flexible, stretchable, transparent and electrically conductive polymer films via a hybrid electrospinning and solution casting process: In-plane anisotropic conductivity for electro-optical applications.
A novel hybrid 3D video service algorithm based on scalable video coding (SVC) technology.
Floating single sustain drive method for AC plasma display panel.
Effects of emissive layer architecture on recombination zone and F&ouml;rster resonance energy transfer in organic light-emitting diodes.
Modified K&ouml;hler illumination for LED-based projection display.
Alternate lightening display method for surface-conduction electron-emission display.
Two LCOS full color projector with efficient LED illumination engine.
Perceived image similarity and quantization resolution.
Efficiency enhancement in blue organic light emitting diodes with a composite hole transport layer based on poly(ethylenedioxythiophene): poly(styrenesulfonate) doped with TiO<sub>2</sub> nanoparticles.
Analysis of the light-scattering power of patterned dot material printed on the light guide plate in liquid crystal display.
Design of moir&eacute;-free metal meshes using ray tracing for touch screen panels.
Reading performance and visual fatigue when using electronic paper displays in long-duration reading tasks under various lighting conditions.
Low complexity Bi-Partition mode selection for 3D video depth intra coding.
The impact of colour on Website appeal and users' cognitive processes.
Fabrication and chromatic characteristics of the greenish LCD colour-filter layer with nano-particle ink using inkjet printing technique.
Design of relative primary luminances for four-primary displays.
Vergence eye movements signifying 3D depth perception from 2D movies.
Dysprosium doped di-strontium magnesium di-silicate white light emitting phosphor by solid state reaction method.
Angular dependence of the emission from low Q-factor organic microcavity light emitting diodes.
Use of physiological signals to predict cybersickness.
Motion in images is essential to cause motion sickness symptoms, but not to increase postural sway.
An improved alignment layer grown by oblique evaporation for liquid crystal devices.
Is the 3&times; reading rule appropriate for computer users?
Distributed circuit model for cold cathode fluorescent lamps in back-light unit of liquid crystal display.
Feasibility study of edge-lit backlight of dual-panel display by a simple configuration model.
Optimized electro-optical properties of polymer-stabilized vertical-aligned liquid crystal displays driven by an in-plane field.
Analysis of display defects in the multi-domain vertical alignment mode liquid crystal display.
Proceedings of the 4th Symposium on Liquid Crystal Photonics (SLCP 2015).
Sequence Analysis of a Subset of Plasma Membrane Raft Proteome Containing CXXC Metal Binding Motifs: Metal Binding Proteins.
Identification of Distinguishing Motifs.
Wave-SOM: A Novel Wavelet-Based Clustering Algorithm for Analysis of Gene Expression Patterns.
Towards a Mixed Approach to Extract Biomedical Terms from Text Corpus.
Medical Survival Analysis Through Transduction of Semi-Supervised Regression Targets.
Coupled Matrix Factorization with Sparse Factors to Identify Potential Biomarkers in Metabolomics.
Prioritizing Disease Genes and Understanding Disease Pathways.
Mining Frequent Boolean Expressions: Application to Gene Expression and Regulatory Modeling.
Healthcare Data Mining: Predicting Hospital Length of Stay (PHLOS).
Identification Methods of G Protein-Coupled Receptors.
Finding Minimum Reaction Cuts of Metabolic Networks Under a Boolean Model Using Integer Programming and Feedback Vertex Sets.
Domain-Based Approaches to Prediction and Analysis of Protein-Protein Interactions.
Genome Sequence Analysis in Distributed Computing using Spark.
Combinatorial Optimization Algorithms for Metabolic Networks Alignments and Their Applications.
Improving Prediction Accuracy via Subspace Modeling in a Statistical Geometry Based Computational Protein Mutagenesis.
SPCCTDM, a Catalogue for Analysis of Therapeutic Drug Monitoring Related Contents in the Drug Prescription Information.
Hierarchical Density-Based Clustering of White Matter Tracts in the Human Brain.
Interactive Data Visualization to Understand Data Better: Case Studies in Healthcare System.
Influence of Genomic and Other Biological Data Sets in the Understanding of Protein Structures, Functions and Interactions.
Predicting Aging-Genes in Drosophila Melanogaster by Integrating Network Topological Features and Functional Categories.
Exerting Cost-Sensitive and Feature Creation Algorithms for Coronary Artery Disease Diagnosis.
Gene Set- and Pathway- Centered Knowledge Discovery Assigns Transcriptional Activation Patterns in Brain, Blood, and Colon Cancer: A Bioinformatics Perspective.
Revealing the Origin and Nature of Drug Resistance of Dynamic Tumour Systems.
Efficient Mining Frequent Closed Discriminative Biclusters by Sample-Growth: The FDCluster Approach.
Bioinformatics Methods for Studying MicroRNA and ARE-Mediated Regulation of Post-Transcriptional Gene Expression.
Perspective Wall Technique for Visualizing and Interpreting Medical Data.
BioTextRetriever: A Tool to Retrieve Relevant Papers.
In Silico Biosimulation of Isoflurane Effects on Brain Using Transcriptome-To-Metabolome&#8482; Technology: Anesthesia Effects on Rat Amygdala &amp; Cortex Metabolism.
Classifier Ensemble Methods for Diagnosing COPD from Volatile Organic Compounds in Exhaled Air.
Improved Feature Selection by Incorporating Gene Similarity into the LASSO.
Classification of Tandem Repeats in the Human Genome.
New Trends in Graph Mining: Structural and Node-Colored Network Motifs.
Evidence-Based Combination of Weighted Classifiers Approach for Epileptic Seizure Detection using EEG Signals.
Biological and Medical Big Data Mining.
Clustering Genes Using Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Early Deterioration Warning for Hospitalized Patients by Mining Clinical Data.
Incorporating Network Topology Improves Prediction of Protein Interaction Networks from Transcriptomic Data.
Knowledge Discovery and Multimodal Inputs for Driving an Intelligent Wheelchair.
Prediction of Protein-Protein Interactions Between Human Host and Two Mycobacterial Organisms.
Insight into Disrupted Spatial Patterns of Human Connectome in Alzheimer's Disease via Subgraph Mining.
Animal Actin Phylogeny and RNA Secondary Structure Study.
Graph-Based Shape Analysis for MRI Classification.
Search for Protein Sequence Homologues that Display Considerable Domain Length Variations.
Scaling Unsupervised Risk Stratification to Massive Clinical Datasets.
Performance Analysis of Microarray Data Classification using Machine Learning Techniques.
Mapping Affymetrix Microarray Probes to the Rat Genome via a Persistent Index.
Medical Domain Knowledge and Associative Classification Rules in Diagnosis.
Dis2PPI: A Workflow Designed to Integrate Proteomic and Genetic Disease Data.
Trend Analysis of Length of Stay Data via Phase-Type Models.
Characterization and Classification of Local Protein Surfaces Using Self-Organizing Map.
Protein Interactions for Functional Genomics.
Predicting Protein Functions from Protein Interaction Networks.
Mining Medical Data to Develop Clinical Decision Making Tools in Hemodialysis: Prediction of Cardiovascular Events and Feature Selection using a Random Forest Approach.
Association Rule Mining Based HotSpot Analysis on SEER Lung Cancer Data.
Data Mining for Biologists.
Analysis of microRNA Regulated Seed Biology Networks in Arabidopsis.
Use Online Multi-Cloud Platform Lab with Intellectual Agents: Avatars for Study of Knowledge Visualization &amp; Probability Theory in Bioinformatics.
Figure Based Biomedical Document Retrieval System using Structural Image Features.
Discriminative Subgraph Mining for Protein Classification.
Transcriptome-To-Metabolome&#8482; Biosimulation Reveals Human Hippocampal Hypometabolism with Age and Alzheimer's Disease.
Mining Protein Interactome Networks to Measure Interaction Reliability and Select Hub Proteins.
Low Dose Pioglitazone Attenuates Oxidative Damage in Early Alzheimer's Disease by Binding mitoNEET: Transcriptome-To-Reactome&#8482; Biosimulation of Neurons.
A Transfer Learning Approach and Selective Integration of Multiple Types of Assays for Biological Network Inference.
Infer Species Phylogenies Using Self-Organizing Maps.
PASS2: A Database of Structure-Based Sequence Alignments of Protein Structural Domain Superfamilies.
Pharmacy Data Integrity for Optimal Analytics.
Automatic Test Data Generation using Metaheuristic Cuckoo Search Algorithm.
Property and Personality Rights with Regard to Biobanks: A Layered System with Germany as an Example.
An intelligent optimal production scheduling approach using constraint-based search and agent-based collaboration.
Research on assembly quality adaptive control system for complex mechanical products assembly process under uncertainty.
A reference framework following a proactive approach for Product Lifecycle Management.
Impact of sensor nodes scaling and velocity on handover mechanisms for healthcare wireless sensor networks with mobility support.
Product modeling for conceptual design support.
Joint scheduling of material handling equipment in automated air cargo terminals.
Classifications and conventions structure the handling of models within the Digital Factory.
Proposal of a toolset for the improvement of industrial systems' lifecycle sustainability through the utilization of ICT technologies.
A service- and multi-agent-oriented manufacturing automation architecture: An IEC 62264 level 2 compliant implementation.
A part recognition based computer aided assembly system.
Rapid identification of the optimal product configuration and its parameters based on customer-centric product modeling for one-of-a-kind production.
Knowledge capitalisation based on textual and graphical semi-structured and non-structured information: case study in an industrial research centre at EADS.
Implementation of the direct integration from CAM to CAE for the PCB simulation.
Agent-based holonic design and operations environment for distributed manufacturing.
Debugging measurement systems using a domain-specific modeling language.
Functional dimensioning and tolerancing software for concurrent engineering applications.
A survey on the recent research literature on ERP systems.
Providing real-estate services through the integration of 3D laser scanning and building information modelling.
An implementation of a garment-fitting simulation system using laser scanned 3D body data.
A semantic-based platform for R&amp;D project funding management.
SIMAP: Intelligent System for Predictive Maintenance: Application to the health condition monitoring of a windturbine gearbox.
Editorial.
New trends on e-Procurement applying semantic technologies: Current status and future challenges.
Semantic interoperability of controlled vocabularies in medicine: A case study of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases 'Tuberculosis' subset.
A three-layered method for business processes discovery and its application in manufacturing industry.
Stable fuzzy control system design with pole-placement constraint: an LMI approach.
New perspectives for the future interoperable enterprise systems.
Management of lifecycle costs and benefits: Lessons from information systems practice.
A multiple measurements case-based reasoning method for predicting recurrent status of liver cancer patients.
Increasing the accuracy of Time-of-Flight cameras for machine vision applications.
Towards new web services based supervisory systems in complex industrial organizations: Basic principles and case study.
Fuzzy group decision making for selection among computer integrated manufacturing systems.
Mining version histories for change impact analysis in business process model repositories.
Analytical approach to similarity-based prediction of manufacturing system performance.
Mediation of foundation ontology based knowledge sources.
A solution to the unequal area facilities layout problem by genetic algorithm.
Study of the performance of multi-behaviour agents for supply chain planning.
Patterns for behavior modeling and integration.
A scene graph based visualization method for representing continuous simulation data.
Business Process Reengineering driven by customer value: a support for undertaking decisions under uncertainty conditions.
Determining ERP customization choices using nominal group technique and analytical hierarchy process.
Structural approach to design user interface.
Exemplar-based statistical model for semantic parametric design of human body.
BROSEMWEB: A brokerage service for e-Procurement using Semantic Web Technologies.
Mutual enhancement of systems engineering and decision-making through process modeling: toward an integrated framework.
An intelligent maintenance system for continuous cost-based prioritisation of maintenance activities.
An investigation on a prototype customer-oriented information system for product concept development.
A classification schema of manufacturing decisions for the GRAI enterprise modelling technique.
Image-based quality monitoring system of limestone ore grades.
Knowledge-intensive collaborative design modeling and support: Part II: System implementation and application.
B-Cube, behavioural modelling of technical artefacts.
OWL/SWRL representation methodology for EXPRESS-driven product information model: Part II: Practice.
ProOpter: An advanced platform for production analysis and optimization.
Product lifecycle management for automotive development focusing on supplier integration.
Structural optimization with CADO method for a three-dimensional sheet-metal vehicle body.
Interoperability in enterprise modelling: Translation, elementary constructs, meta-modelling and UEML development.
Web-based search system of pattern recognition for the pattern of industrial component by an innovative technology.
Corrigendum to "Simulation of cross-border competition of free internet content providers" [Computers in Industry 64 (6) (2013) 754-764].
Modeling an e-based real-time quality control information system in distributed manufacturing shops.
A semantic web service environment for B2B and B2C auction applications within extended and virtual enterprises.
Exceptions in a Programmable Logic Controller implementation based on ADA.
Validation of advanced evacuation analysis on passenger ships using experimental scenario and data of full-scale evacuation.
The product centric approach: a solution to supply network information management problems?
Towards partnership in software subcontracting.
Sequencing of interacting prismatic machining features for process planning.
The Digital Factory: An instrument of the present and the future.
Agent-based modeling and simulation of an autonomic manufacturing execution system.
Integrating a semantic-based retrieval agent into case-based reasoning systems: A case study of an online bookstore.
Pre-processing methodology for optimizing stereolithography apparatus build performance.
Business concepts ontology for an enterprise performance and competences monitoring.
Evaluating workflow process designs using cohesion and coupling metrics.
Product data allocation for distributed product data management system.
IPM-EPDL: an XML-based executable process definition language.
Using online textual data, principal component analysis and artificial neural networks to study business and innovation practices in technology-driven firms.
A new object model of batch equipment and procedural control for better recipe reuse.
Modeling workflow processes with colored Petri nets.
Rational method for 3D manufacturing tolerancing synthesis based on the TTRS approach "R3DMTSyn".
Lean Production and information technology: Connection or contradiction?
An application to support the temporal and spatial distributed decision-making process in supply chain collaborative planning.
Embedded fuzzy-control system for machining processes: Results of a case study.
The development of an integrated haptic VR machining environment for the automatic generation of process plans.
Editorial: Special issue on natural language processing and text analytics in industry.
An online ergonomic evaluator for 3D product design.
Intelligent logistics: Involving the customer.
Framework for modelling and simulating the supply process monitoring to detect and predict disruptive events.
Hierarchical slice contours for layered-manufacturing.
A Web-based automotive refrigeration troubleshooting system applying knowledge engineering approach.
An offset algorithm for polyline curves.
A best-matching protocol for order fulfillment in re-configurable supply networks.
Model-based services convergence and multi-clouds integration.
Information system design and integrated enterprise modelling through a key-problem framework.
Model checking response times in Networked Automation Systems using jitter bounds.
Automated visual inspection in the semiconductor industry: A survey.
A web services-based multidisciplinary design optimization framework for complex engineering systems with uncertainties.
Special issue: stimulating manufacturing excellence in small and medium enterprises.
Object Boundary Encoding - a new vectorisation algorithm for engineering drawings.
Use of formal ontologies as a foundation for inventive design studies.
Web-based quotation system for stereolithography parts.
Power-based supplier selection in product development projects.
Research issues on closed-loop PLM.
A survey of Petri net applications in batch processes.
A framework for effective management of condition based maintenance programs in the context of industrial development of E-Maintenance strategies.
Context-aware inference in ubiquitous residential environments.
A flexible, agent-based ICT architecture for virtual enterprises.
Composite freeform surface reconstruction using recursive interpolating subdivision scheme.
A heterogeneous computing system for coupling 3D endomicroscopy with volume rendering in real-time image visualization.
Advanced optimal tolerance design of mechanical assemblies with interrelated dimension chains and process precision limits.
Towards a knowledge repository for collaborative design process: focus on conflict management.
Tibor Vamos (Editor): Knowledge and Computing: A Course on Computer Epistemology (2010) CEU Press, Budapest, New York.
Designing and evaluating a system of document recognition to support interoperability among collaborative enterprises.
Predictive protocol for the scalable identification of RFID tags through collaborative readers.
Simulation in the supply chain context: a survey.
Dynamic evaluation model of coronary heart disease for ubiquitous healthcare.
A dialectical based model coherent with inventive and optimization problems.
Computer-based collaborative training for transportation security and emergency response.
Turning user generated health-related content into actionable knowledge through text analytics services.
An effective subpart retrieval approach of 3D CAD models for manufacturing process reuse.
Fast dimensional inspection of deformable parts from partial views.
A neuro-fuzzy monitoring system: Application to flexible production systems.
Supply chain planning opportunities for small and medium sized companies.
Change management in concurrent engineering from a parameter perspective.
Insights from developing a multidisciplinary design and analysis environment.
Collaborative process planning and manufacturing in product lifecycle management.
An allocation-scheduling heuristic to manage train traffic in an intermodal terminal.
Data quality evaluation and improvement for prognostic modeling using visual assessment based data partitioning method.
Use of LIF image acquisition and analysis in developing a calibrated technique for in-cylinder investigation of the spatial distribution of air-to-fuel mixing in direct injection gasoline engines.
A new paradigm for the continuous alignment of business and IT: Combining enterprise architecture modelling and enterprise ontology.
A novel framework to link Prognostics and Health Management and Product-Service Systems using online simulation.
An agent architecture for manufacturing control: manAge.
A review of the use of asset information standards for collaboration in the process industry.
Lessons learned - Review of LCAs for ICT products and services.
A computer-aided healthcare system for cataract classification and grading based on fundus image analysis.
Validation of in-vehicle real-time applications.
Matching indirect procurement process with different B2B e-procurement systems.
A review of Internet-based product information sharing and visualization.
Automation of heat bending in shipbuilding.
Re-engineering the Engineering Change Management process for a drawing-less environment.
ADVICE: A virtual environment for Engineering Change Management.
A simulation based analysis of cycle time distribution, and throughput in semiconductor backend manufacturing.
Bridging the gap between product lifecycle management and sustainability in manufacturing through ontology building.
RFID tag data processing in manufacturing for track-and-trace anti-counterfeiting.
Collaborative product structure management for assembly modeling.
Eliminating technical obstacles in innovation pipelines using CAIs.
Examining the critical success factors in the adoption of enterprise resource planning.
Improving the interoperability of industrial information systems with description logic-based models - The state of the art.
Dynamic self-organization in holonic multi-agent manufacturing systems: The ADACOR evolution.
Application of 3D digital image correlation in maintenance and process control in industry.
Advanced Web technologies for industrial applications.
Dynamic photometric stereo for on line quality control of ceramic tiles.
Special issue on Machine Vision.
Automatic visual inspection: An approach with multi-instance learning.
Condition-based Maintenance and the product improvement process.
A fuzzy logic based system for risk analysis and evaluation within enterprise collaborations.
B2B eMarketplaces and small- and medium-sized enterprises.
Design of information system architectures using a key-problem framework.
Challenging the interoperability between computers in industry with MDA and SOA.
Evolution management towards interoperable supply chains using performance measurement.
Semantic search for matching user requests with profiled enterprises.
An evolutionary algorithm for generating planar developments of arbitrarily curved surfaces.
Computer aided process planning for sheet metal bending: A state of the art.
Research of EEG change feature under +Gz acceleration.
A new fuzzy approach to improve fashion product development.
Application of OLAP to a PDM database for interactive performance evaluation of in-progress product development.
A hierarchical classification of co-creation models and techniques to aid in product or service design.
Integrated Vehicle Configuration System - Connecting the domains of mass customization.
Virtual design and testing of protective packaging buffers.
Sales configurator capabilities to avoid the product variety paradox: Construct development and validation.
Computer-supported innovation pipelines: Current research and trends.
Modeling the permeability of carbonate reservoir using type-2 fuzzy logic systems.
Business semantics management: A case study for competency-centric HRM.
The applicability and impact of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems: Results from a mixed method study on Make-To-Order (MTO) companies.
Monitoring and predictive maintenance: Modeling and analyse of fault latency.
Computer-aided activity planning (CAAP) in large-scale projects with an application in the yachting industry.
ERP 2.0, what for and how?
Enabling collaborative product design through distributed engineering knowledge management.
A novel fuzzy multi-criteria decision framework for sustainable supplier selection with incomplete information.
Using SVM based method for equipment fault detection in a thermal power plant.
A demanufacturing projector-vision system for combined manual and automated processing of used electronics.
Risk management - dependability tools and case-based reasoning integration using the object formalism.
A system for rapid creation and assessment of conceptual large vehicle designs using immersive virtual reality.
Engineering of secure multi-cloud storage.
Determinants of choice of semantic web based Software as a Service: An integrative framework in the context of e-procurement and ERP.
Building the hybrid organisation through ERP and enterprise social software.
Material engagement analysis of different endmills for adaptive feedrate control in milling processes.
SIS-Stamp: An integrated inspection system for sheet prints in stamp printing application.
Privacy-preserving data infrastructure for smart home appliances based on the Octopus DHT.
Construction of house of quality for new product planning: A 2-tuple fuzzy linguistic approach.
Accurate 3D-vision-based obstacle detection for an autonomous train.
Architectures for enterprise integration and interoperability: Past, present and future.
OntoQualitas: A framework for ontology quality assessment in information interchanges between heterogeneous systems.
Reactive, model-based monitoring in RFID-enabled manufacturing.
Special issue on Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems.
A survey on industrial applications of fuzzy control.
Product whole life-cycle and omni-channels data convergence oriented enterprise networks integration in a sensing environment.
Maintaining consistency between CAD elements in collaborative design using association management and propagation.
Envisioning e-logistics developments: Making spare parts in situ and on demand: State of the art and guidelines for future developments.
Similarity based method for manufacturing process performance prediction and diagnosis.
Database support for evolving data in product design.
Process and knowledge management in a collaborative maintenance planning system for high value machine tools.
Modeling and specifications of dynamic agents in fractal manufacturing systems.
Towards user centred design (UCD) in architecture based on immersive virtual environments.
A simulation study on maintainer resource utilization of a fast jet aircraft maintenance line under availability contract.
A dynamic methodology and associated tools to assess organizational capabilities.
Metrics for evaluating distributed manufacturing control systems.
Efficiency analysis of ERP packages - A customization perspective.
GNG based foot reconstruction for custom footwear manufacturing.
Collaborative routing of products using a self-organizing mechatronic agent framework - A simulation study.
Physimetric identification (Physi-ID) - Applying biometric concept in physical object identification.
Towards dynamic reference information models: Readiness for ICT mass customisation.
Process modeling for simulation.
Hybrid genetic algorithm with adaptive abilities for resource-constrained multiple project scheduling.
Intelligent monitoring and diagnosis of manufacturing processes using an integrated approach of KBANN and GA.
An e-Engineering framework based on service-oriented architecture and agent technologies.
Discovery of temporal patterns from process instances.
A control model for object virtualization in supply chain management.
Leveraging knowledge representation, usage, and interpretation to help reengineer the product development life cycle: visual computing and the tacit dimensions of product development.
A review of automated feature recognition with rule-based pattern recognition.
Peer-to-peer inventory management of returnable transport items: A design science approach.
Special Issue on Grand Challenges for Discrete Event Logistics Systems.
Multi-abstraction layered business process modeling.
Digital enterprise solution for integrated production planning and control.
Reconfiguration process for neuronal classification models: Application to a quality monitoring problem.
Demand-driven knowledge acquisition method for enhancing domain ontology integrity.
Technical and industrial issues of Advanced Planning and Scheduling (APS) systems.
Best practices in business process redesign: validation of a redesign framework.
Conceptual design evaluation using interval type-2 fuzzy information axiom.
Behaviour adaptation in the multi-agent, multi-objective and multi-role supply chain.
Hardware approach to tool path computation for STEP-NC enabled CNC: A case study of turning operations.
Classification of 3D shape deviation using feature recognition operating on parameterization control points.
A machine vision system for measuring the eccentricity of bearings.
Adding decision support to workflow systems by reusable standard software components.
Testing communication tasks in distributed control systems with SysML and Timed Colored Petri Nets model.
ADACOR: A holonic architecture for agile and adaptive manufacturing control.
Agent-based manufacturing execution systems for short-series production scheduling.
Experience modeling with graphs encoded knowledge for construction industry.
An event-driven approach with makespan/cost tradeoff analysis for project portfolio scheduling.
Modeling Smart Grid neighborhoods with the ENERsip ontology.
The use of finite state machines for task-based machine tool control.
Efficient querying of large process model repositories.
Elements of a base VE infrastructure.
Developing a trust evaluation method between co-workers in virtual project team for enabling resource sharing and collaboration.
DISCOBOLE: A service architecture for interconnecting workflow processes.
Editorial of the special issue on knowledge sharing in collaborative design environments.
Maintaining time and space consistencies in hybrid CAD environments: Framework and algorithms.
Tool path generation framework for accurate manufacture of complex 3D sheet metal parts using single point incremental forming.
A planning and management infrastructure for large, complex, distributed projects - beyond ERP and SCM.
On the tradeoff between privacy and efficiency: A bidding mechanism for scheduling non-commercial services.
Undo facilities for the extended z-buffer in NC machining simulation.
Modeling and implementing a real-time scheduler for dual-armed cluster tools.
Fostering continuous innovation in design with an integrated knowledge management approach.
Design and implementation of a generic nonconformance tracking and recovery (GINTR) system.
Linked data support for filing public contracts.
Wireless communications deployment in industry: a review of issues, options and technologies.
An architecture for metamorphic control of holonic manufacturing systems.
Contribution of fuzzy reasoning method to knowledge integration in a defect recognition system.
Editorial.
Scheduling approach for concurrent product development processes.
Automatic simulation model generation for simulation-based, real-time shop floor control.
Segmentation of unsorted cloud of points data from full field optical measurement for metrological validation.
Software agent reasoning supporting non-intrusive building space usage monitoring.
Time compression design with decision support for intelligent transport systems deployment.
Utilising more of the loading space in intermodal line trains - Measures and decision support.
A mechanised 3D scanning method for item-level radio frequency identification of palletised products.
Knowledge-based system for collaborative process specification.
A comprehensive investigation of the applicability of process mining techniques for enterprise risk management.
Performance measurement.
Web-based rapid prototyping and manufacturing systems: A review.
Large-scale Internet benchmarking: Technology and application in warehousing operations.
Product decomposition using design structure matrix for intellectual property protection in supply chain outsourcing.
FPGA-based startup for AC electric drives: Application to a greenhouse ventilation system.
MAS coordination and control based on stigmergy.
Agility index of automatic production systems: Reconfigurable logic and open source as agility enablers.
Institutional isomorphism and the adoption of information technology for supply chain management.
Immersive learning system for manufacturing industries.
Framework for the support of knowledge-based engineering template update.
An algorithm for transforming design text ROM diagram into FBS model.
Robust and efficient automated detection of tooling defects in polished stone.
Collaborative feature-based design via operations with a fine-grain product database.
Association rule hiding in risk management for retail supply chain collaboration.
Enterprise modeling of a project-oriented fractal company for SMEs networking.
Formal modeling and synthesis of programmable logic controllers.
An integration architecture for knowledge management systems and business process management systems.
Estimating software project effort for manufacturing firms.
Critical use of video-imaging to rationalize computer sintering simulation models.
CRC cards for product modelling.
Integrated decision support for planning, scheduling, and dispatching tasks in a focused factory.
An inspection system to master dimensional and technological variability of fashion-related products: A case study in the eyewear industry.
WSCPC: An architecture using semantic web services for collaborative product commerce.
Enterprise resource planning software: a solution to the return material authorization problem.
Analyzing and evaluating product demand interdependencies.
Computer-aided embodiment design through the hybridization of mono objective optimizations for efficient innovation process.
A conceptual model for remote data acquisition systems.
The effects of usability and web design attributes on user preference for e-commerce web sites.
Simulation-supported change process for product customization - A case study in a garment company.
Analyze the healthcare service requirement using fuzzy QFD.
Cloud based real-time collaborative filtering for item-item recommendations.
A soft computing approach for task contracting in multi-agent manufacturing control.
An adaptive multi-parameter based dispatching strategy for single-loop interbay material handling systems.
Knowledge formalization in experience feedback processes: An ontology-based approach.
Challenges and current developments for Sensing, Smart and Sustainable Enterprise Systems.
Instant 3D design concept generation and visualization by real-time hand gesture recognition.
Implementation and optimisation of ERP systems: A better integration of processes, roles, knowledge and user competencies.
An interoperable architecture and principles for implementing strategy and policy in operational processes.
Computer aided innovation.
Efficient tool path computation using multi-core GPUs.
3DComplete: Efficient completeness inspection using a 2.5D color scanner.
Item-level RFID for enhancement of customer shopping experience in apparel retail.
A real time process management system using RFID data mining.
Mining semiconductor manufacturing data for productivity improvement - an integrated relational database approach.
Building holarchies for concurrent manufacturing planning and control in EtoPlan.
Agent-based composable simulation for virtual prototyping of fluid power system.
Economical green product design based on simplified computer-aided product structure variation.
Discrete Event Logistics Systems (DELS) simulation modeling incorporating two-step Remaining Useful Life (RUL) estimation.
Telerobot-enabled HUB-CI model for collaborative lifecycle management of design and prototyping.
Functional tolerancing: Virtual material condition on complex junctions.
Application of ART neural network to development of technology for functional feature-based reference design retrieval.
Evaluation of freight villages: A GIS-based multi-criteria decision analysis.
A simplified and efficient representation for evaluation and selection of assembly sequences.
An operational "Risk Factor Driven" approach for the mitigation and monitoring of the "Misalignment Risk" in Enterprise Resource Planning projects.
Computer supported collaborative design: Retrospective and perspective.
Review of supply chain performance measurement systems: 1998-2015.
Genetic algorithms and fuzzy control: a practical synergism for industrial applications.
WebBlow: a Web/agent-based multidisciplinary design optimization environment.
The efficiency potential of ICT in haulier operations.
A balanced scorecard based framework for assessing the strategic impacts of ERP systems.
A deployment methodology of real-time industrial control applications in distributed controllers.
Electricity agents in smart grid markets.
STEP-based product modeling for concurrent stamped part and die development.
Information requirements for e-maintenance strategic planning: A benchmark study in complex production systems.
OpenClinical.net: A platform for creating and sharing knowledge and promoting best practice in healthcare.
Predicting the unexpected.
Providing integrated solutions in the professional printing industry: The case of Oc&eacute;.
3D CAD model retrieval with perturbed Laplacian spectra.
Dynamic workforce allocation in a constrained flow shop with multi-agent system.
Metamodeling development for reliability-based design optimization of automotive body structure.
Towards online planning for open-air engineering processes.
A customizable shared information space to support concurrent design.
A non-linear redesign methodology for manufacturing systems in SMEs.
Corrigendum to "Supporting conflict management in collaborative design: An approach to assess engineering change impacts" [Computers in Industry 59 (2008) 882-893].
Information Technologies capacity planning in manufacturing systems: Proposition for a modelling process and application in the semiconductor industry.
A security model for distributed product data management system.
Future perspectives on next generation enterprise information systems.
Product modeling framework for behavioral performance evaluation at design stage.
A sequential machine vision procedure for assessing paper impurities.
PLM paradigm: How to lead BPR within the Product Development field.
Decision support for lean practitioners: A web-based adaptive assessment approach.
STL rapid prototyping bio-CAD model for CT medical image segmentation.
An original design approach for stimulating the ideation of new product features.
A new error handling algorithm for controller area network in networked control system.
Reverse electronic auction web tool for B2B.
A method of preliminary planning for rotational components with C-axis features using genetic algorithm.
A real-time machine-vision system for monitoring the textile raising process.
A design-and-play approach to accessible user interface development in Ambient Intelligence environments.
The application of interoperability requirement specification and verification to collaborative processes in industry.
Editorial.
Simultaneous control of vehicle routing and inventory for dynamic inbound supply chain.
Advanced resource planning as a decision support module for ERP.
Iso-phote based adaptive surface fitting to digitized points and its applications in region-based tool path generation, slicing and surface triangulation.
Intelligent Products: A survey.
A web-based manufacturing service system for rapid product development.
Neural network based non-standard feature recognition to integrate CAD and CAM.
802.11n Performance analysis for a real multimedia industrial application.
Towards semantically interoperable metadata repositories: The Asset Description Metadata Schema.
Interoperability evaluation models: A systematic review.
OWL/SWRL representation methodology for EXPRESS-driven product information model: Part I. Implementation methodology.
Identifying functional modules using generalized directed graphs: Definition and application.
A multilevel explanation of end-user computing satisfaction with an enterprise resource planning system within an international manufacturing organization.
Computer-aided plant enterprise modeling environment (CAPE-ModE) - design initiatives.
Editorial.
A data-mining approach for product conceptualization in a web-based architecture.
P<sup>4</sup>LM: A methodology for product lifecycle management.
Developing life-cycle phases for the DoDAF using ISO15704 Annex A (GERAM).
Development of an electronic configure-to-order platform for customized product development.
A language for interoperability modeling and prediction.
An interactive web system for integrated three-dimensional customization.
Process based storing and reconstructing of XML form documents.
Garment pattern definition, development and application with associative feature approach.
Writing and verifying interoperability requirements: Application to collaborative processes.
Making CNC machine tools more open, interoperable and intelligent - a review of the technologies.
Augmented reality on large screen for interactive maintenance instructions.
A distributional approach to open questions in market research.
Optimization of multiple quality responses involving qualitative and quantitative characteristics in IC manufacturing using neural networks.
A novel flexible activity refinement approach for improving workflow process flexibility.
An object-oriented intelligent disassembly sequence planner for maintenance.
An analytical model for delivery evaluation of multimodal contents in pervasive computing.
Optimal sequencing of tasks in an aluminium smelter casthouse.
Maintainability and safety indicators at design stage for mechanical products.
A comparative survey of business process similarity measures.
Preface.
Change propagation algorithm in a unified feature modeling scheme.
Ontology-based similarity for product information retrieval.
Enhancing passage retrieval in log files by query expansion based on explicit and pseudo relevance feedback.
An intelligent benchmark-based design for environment system for derivative electronic product development.
Collaborative simulation and scientific big data analysis: Illustration for sustainability in natural hazards management and chemical process engineering.
Wireless Holon Network for job shop isoarchic control.
Computer assisted decision making for new product introduction investments.
Proposition of a PLM tool to support textile design: A case study applied to the definition of the early stages of design requirements.
Strategic decision-making in NPD projects according to risk: Application to satellites design projects.
Bi-objective optimization of the intermodal terminal location problem as a policy-support tool.
Desktop virtual reality for maintenance training: an object oriented prototype system (V-REALISM).
Design and implementation of a process-oriented intelligent collaborative product design system.
What does PLMS (product lifecycle management systems) manage: Data or documents? Complementarity and contingency for SMEs.
Integrated function structure and object-oriented design framework.
Performance analysis of a multiple vehicle tandem system with inter-vehicle buffers and blocking.
The application of UML and an open distributed process framework to information system design.
Performance evaluation of CUDA programming for 5-axis machining multi-scale simulation.
Towards a systemic formalisation of interoperability.
Data driven production modeling and simulation of complex automobile general assembly plant.
A matrix-based modularization approach for supporting secure collaboration in parametric design.
RFID based model for an intelligent port.
PI predictive fuzzy controllers for electrical drive speed control: methods and software for stable development.
Data propagation as an enabling technology for collaboration and cooperative information systems.
Intelligent products: Agere versus Essere.
A new DFM approach to combine machining and additive manufacturing.
A new approach based on soft computing to accelerate the selection of new product ideas.
Design and management of flexible process variants using templates and rules.
Epistheme: a scientific knowledge management environment in the SpeCS collaborative framework.
Batching orders in warehouses by minimizing travel distance with genetic algorithms.
A middleware for industry.
A survey on CAD methods in 3D garment design.
Context-aware intelligent service system for coal mine industry.
Automated surface subdivision and tool path generation for 3&#189;&#189;-axis CNC machining of sculptured parts.
Technologies in support of mass customization strategy: Exploring the linkages between e-commerce and knowledge management.
A software tool development for pneumatic actuator system simulation and design.
UML4IoT - A UML-based approach to exploit IoT in cyber-physical manufacturing systems.
Creation of user-defined freeform feature from surface models based on characteristic curves.
Integration of reverse logistics activities within a supply chain information system.
EDI, XML and e-business frameworks: A survey.
The concept of LFLC 2000 - its specificity, realization and power of applications.
Quality grading of painted slates using texture analysis.
Item dwell time in project inventories: A field experiment.
An ontology-based approach for Product Lifecycle Management.
Digital Planning Validation in automotive industry.
A framework for integrating syntax, semantics and pragmatics for computer-aided professional practice: With application of costing in construction industry.
An architecture for adaptive fuzzy control in industrial environments.
A distributed change control workflow for collaborative design network.
Holonic assembly system with Plug and Produce.
Multi-site coordination using a multi-agent system.
An approach for determining the requirements of computerised maintenance management systems.
Design process and data models to support the design of sustainable remanufactured products.
A Web services and process-view combined approach for process management of collaborative product development.
Exploring effective features for recognizing the user intent behind web queries.
A recommender system applied to the indirect materials selection process (RS-IMSP) for producing automobile spare parts.
Towards a cooperative distributed manufacturing management framework.
Design of a feature-based order acceptance and scheduling module in an ERP system.
Petri-net-based rapid development of a task execution module of equipment controller for distributed shop floor control.
Towards a unified descriptive framework for industrial objective declaration and performance measurement.
Redundancy and scalability for virtualized MES systems with programmable infrastructure.
Registration of arbitrary multi-view 3D acquisitions.
Distributed client/server architecture for CIMOSA-based enterprise components.
Incorporating design outsourcing decisions within the design of collaborative design processes.
A Web-based service for distributed process planning optimization.
Applying robust multi-response quality engineering for parameter selection using a novel neural-genetic algorithm.
A framework for warranty management in industrial assets.
A real time displacement estimation algorithm for ultrasound elastography.
Designing like a Pro: The automated composition of workflow activities.
Realization of Web-based simulation services.
A review of structured document retrieval (SDR) technology to improve information access performance in engineering document management.
DeCom: A model for context-aware competence management.
A multichannel visualization module for virtual manufacturing.
A hybrid and adaptive tool-path generation approach of rapid prototyping and manufacturing for biomedical models.
A method for generation of machining and fixturing features from design features.
An integrated framework for effective service and repair in the automotive domain: An application of association mining and case-based-reasoning.
Automatic 3D model reconstruction of cutting tools from a single camera.
An UML approach for the metamodelling of automated production systems for monitoring purpose.
Using computer modeling techniques to design tunnel greenhouse structures.
A performance-based structural policy for conflict-free routing of bi-directional automated guided vehicles.
Development of industrial information systems on the Web using business components.
Product configuration and inter-firm co-ordination: an innovative solution from a small manufacturing enterprise.
A coupled penalty matrix approach and principal component based co-linearity index technique to discover product specific foundry process knowledge from in-process data in order to reduce defects.
Increasing the consumer-perceived benefits of a mass-customization experience through sales-configurator capabilities.
Identification of a reusable requirements structure for embedded products in a dynamic market environment.
Modeling and representation of geometric tolerances information in integrated measurement processes.
Modeling and evaluating information leakage caused by inferences in supply chains.
An improved 3D imaging system for dimensional quality inspection of rolled products in the metal industry.
A self-organising view of manufacturing enterprises.
Workflow performance analysis and simulation based on multidimensional workflow net.
3D CAD model visualization on a website using the X3D standard.
Product relationships management enabler for concurrent engineering and product lifecycle management.
VMMC: a test-bed for machining.
Tangible augmented prototyping of digital handheld products.
Enterprise engineering and management at the crossroads.
A model for inbound supply risk analysis.
Simulation of cross-border competitions of free Internet content providers.
Constrained free form deformation as a tool for rapid manufacturing.
A dynamic reactive scheduling mechanism for responding to changes of production orders and manufacturing resources.
A method to infer the need to update situations in business process adaptation.
Text analytics in industry: Challenges, desiderata and trends.
An integrated Petri net and GA based approach for scheduling of hybrid plants.
3D imaging application in the studies of micro air vehicles.
Merging BIM and GIS using ontologies application to urban facility management in ACTIVe3D.
Using resource-based view theory to assess the value of ERP commercial-packages in SMEs.
Topological model for machining of parts with complex shapes.
Analysing and evaluating the task of automatic tweet generation: Knowledge to business.
The Business Interoperability Quotient Measurement Model.
The performance of product-driven manufacturing control: An emulation-based benchmarking study.
3D CAD model matching from 2D local invariant features.
Dependability of wireless sensor networks for industrial prognostics and health management.
Advancing lean manufacturing, the role of IT.
A Computational Knowledge Elicitation and Sharing System for mental health case management of the social service industry.
Design and implementation of an agent-based collaborative product design system.
An agent-based approach for coordinating product design workflows.
A UML model of agile production planning and control system.
CyberCAD: a collaborative approach in 3D-CAD technology in a multimedia-supported environment.
Behavioral modeling and automated verification of a Cloud-based framework to share the knowledge and skills of human resources.
Mixed prototyping with configurable physical archetype for usability evaluation of product interfaces.
Secure collaboration in global design and supply chain environment: Problem analysis and literature review.
Development of a BIM-based structural framework optimization and simulation system for building construction.
Quality management in product recovery using the Internet of Things: An optimization approach.
Sustainable enterprise interoperability from the Activity Domain Theory perspective.
Distributed simulation platform to design advanced RFID based freight transportation systems.
Intelligent segmentation method for real-time defect inspection system.
Robust 3D face capture using example-based photometric stereo.
A systematic review/survey for JIT implementation: Mexican maquiladoras as case study.
A reference architecture for Engineering Data Control (EDC) in capital plant manufacture.
Special issue on e-maintenance.
Fixturing features selection in feature-based systems.
Synthesis a Petri net based control model for a FMS cell.
Automatic evaluation of machining allowance of precision castings based on plane features from 3D point cloud.
P2P Data synchronization for product lifecycle management.
An analysis and evaluation of fitness for shoe lasts and human feet.
A plug-and-play data gathering system using ZigBee-based sensor network sensor network.
BPEL4WS-based coordination of Grid Services in design.
Optimum topology design for the stationary platen of a plastic injection machine.
Assessing the impact of geometric design intent annotations on parametric model alteration activities.
Engineering Holonic Manufacturing Systems.
UXDs-driven conceptual design process model for contradiction solving using CAIs.
Using multiple genetic operators to reduce premature convergence in genetic assembly planning.
Product similarity assessment for conceptual one-of-a-kind product design: A weight distribution approach.
The development of a modified TRIZ Technical System ontology.
ppXML: A generic and extensible language for lifecycle modelling of platform products.
Semantic annotation for knowledge explicitation in a product lifecycle management context: A survey.
A layout technique for class diagrams to be used in product configuration projects.
Ontology based automatic feature recognition framework.
Using competencies in performance estimation: From the activity to the process.
A hybrid fuzzy and neural approach for DRAM price forecasting.
3D human face soft tissues landmarking method: An advanced approach.
The needs and benefits of Text Mining applications on Post-Project Reviews.
Machine learning approach for automated coal characterization using scanned electron microscopic images.
Dynamic workflow change in PDM systems.
Poisson based reuse of freeform features with NURBS representation.
3D streaming based on multi-LOD models for networked collaborative design.
Using extended Axiomatic Design theory to reduce complexities in Global Software Development projects.
A framework for virtual enterprise control with the holonic manufacturing paradigm.
Graph-based reasoning in collaborative knowledge management for industrial maintenance.
An automated approach for merging business process fragments.
An improved approach for automatic process plan generation of complex borings.
A prototype genetic algorithm-enhanced rough set-based rule induction system.
Mobile multi-agent based, distributed information platform (MADIP) for wide-area e-health monitoring.
Implementing organisational interoperability - The SUddEN approach.
Analysis of the congruence between manufacturing strategy and production system in SMME.
Development of an access control model, system architecture and approaches for resource sharing in virtual enterprise.
TrailTrade: A model for trail-aware commerce support.
On-line fuzzy performance management of Profibus networks.
A hierarchical cost estimation tool.
Corrigendum to "Supporting conflict management in collaborative design: An approach to assess engineering change impacts" [Computers in Industry 59 (9) (2008) 882-893].
Intelligent feature based process planning for five-axis mill-turn parts.
ORCA-FMS: a dynamic architecture for the optimized and reactive control of flexible manufacturing scheduling.
A framework of collaborative design environment for injection molding.
Modelling of occupational health and safety aspects in the Digital Factory.
Interoperability framework for dynamic manufacturing networks.
Supply chain ontology: Review, analysis and synthesis.
Standard process monitoring and traceability programming in collaborative CAD/CAM/CNC manufacturing scenarios.
Customer order management in service oriented holonic manufacturing.
Flank wear measurement by successive image analysis.
A fast and economic ontology engineering approach towards improving capability matching: Application to an online engineering collaborative platform.
Some aspects of dynamic 3D representation and control of industrial processes via the Internet.
Vision system for model based control of cryogenic tunnel freezers.
A research agenda for computing developments associated with innovation pipelines.
Grain boundary detection in microstructure images using computational intelligence.
An intelligent agent for ERP's data structure analysis based on ANSI/ISA-95 standard.
Generic planning and control of automated material handling systems: Practical requirements versus existing theory.
An active product state tracking architecture in logistics sensor networks.
Direct regularized surface reconstruction from gradients for Industrial Photometric Stereo.
A knowledge model for gray scale image interpretation with emphasis on welding defect classification - An ontology based approach.
Performance evaluation of collaboration in the design process: Using interoperability measurement.
UML based specifications of PDM product structure and workflow.
Quantitative relationships between key performance indicators for supporting decision-making processes.
A framework for extendable freeform surface feature modelling.
Influence of the Privacy Bird<sup>&reg;</sup> user agent on user trust of different web sites.
Computer-aided design-while-engineering technology in top-down modeling of mechanical product.
An agent-based collaborative design system to facilitate active die-maker involvement in stamping part design.
Remeshing into normal meshes with boundaries using subdivision.
Integrating cross-sectional imaging based reverse engineering with rapid prototyping.
A new process knowledge representation approach using parameter flow chart.
Conceptual model and IT system for organizational capability management.
The implementation and deployment of an ERP system: An industrial case study.
Big Data and virtualization for manufacturing cyber-physical systems: A survey of the current status and future outlook.
Group fuzzy AHP approach to embed relevant data on "communicating material".
Role-based 3D visualisation for asynchronous PLM collaboration.
A model-based approach for data integration to improve maintenance management by mixed reality.
A method and tool for human-human interaction and instant collaboration in CSCW-based CAD.
Application of multi-agent planning to the assignment problem.
Agent-based collaborative product design engineering: An industrial case study.
Computer in Industry Special Issue on "Interoperability and Future Internet for Next-Generation Enterprises" Editorial and state of the art.
Computer aided innovation - State of the art from a new product development perspective.
Intelligent products: From lifecycle data acquisition to enabling product-related services.
Hybrid reality-based user experience and evaluation of a context-aware smart home.
Decentralized intelligence in freight transport - A critical review.
A method for topological entity correspondence in a replicated collaborative CAD system.
Editorial.
State-of-the-art of design, evaluation, and operation methodologies in product service systems.
A 3D image processing method for manufacturing process automation.
Usability risk level evaluation for physical user interface of mobile phone.
Impact of Mobile Diabetes Self-Care System on patients' knowledge, behavior and efficacy.
Global content management services for product providers and purchasers.
P2Care: A dynamic peer-to-peer network for collaboration in personalized healthcare service delivery.
Contribution of ontology-based data modeling to automatic integration of electronic catalogues within engineering databases.
Experimental study on the ice pattern fabrication for the investment casting by rapid freeze prototyping (RFP).
Cloud based management and control system for smart communities: A practical case study.
Securing design checking service for the regulation-based product design.
Local weather prediction system for a heating plant using cognitive approaches.
Editorial.
Using logical decision trees to discover the cause of process delays from event logs.
Customizing 3D garments based on volumetric deformation.
Novel design methodology supporting product life-cycle design.
Analysis of interaction dynamics in collaborative and distributed design process.
The e-HUB evolution: From a Custom Software Architecture to a Software-as-a-Service implementation.
Product lifecycle-oriented quality and productivity improvement based on stream of variation methodology.
A virtual prototyping system with reconfigurable actuators for multi-material layered manufacturing.
Multi-agent hierarchical negotiation based on augmented price schedules decomposition for distributed design.
Identification of abnormal events by data monitoring: Application to complex systems.
An information model for collaboration in the construction Industry.
Managing technological knowledge of patents: HCOntology, a semantic approach.
Exploiting semantic web services in achieving flexible application integration in the microelectronics field.
A hybrid power line and visible light communication system for indoor hospital applications.
Structural elements of coordination mechanisms in collaborative planning processes and their assessment through maturity models: Application to a ceramic tile company.
A hybrid hint-based and graph-based framework for recognition of interacting milling features.
Editorial of the Special Issue on Holonic Manufacturing Systems.
From differential equations to PDC controller design via numerical transformation.
Web-based mining of statistical information.
A security architecture integrated co-operative engineering platform for organised model exchange in a Digital Factory environment.
Buyer/seller collaboration through measurement of beliefs on innovativeness of products.
A Ranking Chaos Algorithm for dual scheduling of cloud service and computing resource in private cloud.
Product lifecycle modelling, analysis and management.
A web-based machining parameter selection system for life cycle cost reduction and product quality enhancement.
Managing stakeholder requirements in a product modelling system.
Risk assessment and management for supply chain networks: A case study.
WWW-enabled knowledge management for distributed engineering projects.
Feature extraction, condition monitoring, and fault modeling in semiconductor manufacturing systems.
An engineering framework for Service-Oriented Intelligent Manufacturing Systems.
On the activeness of intelligent Physical Internet containers.
Adaptive generic product structure modelling for design reuse in engineer-to-order products.
Dynamic business network process management in instant virtual enterprises.
Data management of green product development with generic modularized product architecture.
A Web-based Product Service System for aerospace maintenance, repair and overhaul services.
Concurrent material flow analysis by P3R-driven modeling and simulation in PLM.
Effects of combining product-centric control and direct digital manufacturing: The case of preparing customized hose assembly kits.
Additive manufacturing in the spare parts supply chain.
Critical factors for successful ERP implementation: Exploratory findings from four case studies.
A vision and robot based on-line inspection monitoring system for electronic manufacturing.
Computer aided geometric design of strip using developable B&eacute;zier patches.
Salient feature extraction of industrial objects for an automated assembly system.
Development of a novel 3D simulation modelling system for distributed manufacturing.
Verification of the SAP reference models using EPC reduction, state-space analysis, and invariants.
An integrity constraint management framework in engineering design.
Determining the anatomy of business systems for a virtual enterprise.
Access control for semantic data federations in industrial product-lifecycle management.
Explicit reference modeling methodology in parametric CAD system.
A fuzzy-based decision-making method for evaluating product discontinuity at the product transition point.
Towards a truly integrated enterprise modeling and analysis environment.
Artificial cognitive control with self-x capabilities: A case study of a micro-manufacturing process.
Collaborative engineering: From concurrent engineering to enterprise collaboration.
Sustainable interoperability on space mission feasibility studies.
Augmented and Virtual Reality techniques for footwear.
Application of genetic programming to the calibration of industrial robots.
Tangible authoring of 3D virtual scenes in dynamic augmented reality environment.
Integration of sorting system for contaminant removal from wool using a second computer.
Construction of a computer-simulated mixed reality environment for virtual factory layout planning.
Development of an engine crankshaft in a framework of computer-aided innovation.
Test strategies in distributed software development environments.
Condition monitoring and fault diagnostics for hydropower plants.
Product modeling from knowledge, distributed computing and lifecycle perspectives: A literature review.
A multi-agent system for minimizing energy costs in cement production.
Virtual hands and virtual reality multimodal platform to design safer industrial systems.
Formal measures for semantic interoperability assessment in cooperative enterprise information systems.
Risk reduction in new product launch: A hybrid approach combining direct digital and tool-based manufacturing.
Collaborative business and data privacy: Toward a cyber-control?
Computer-aided sketching as a tool to promote innovation in the new product development process.
Comparative effect of company-driven SNS activity vs. consumer-driven SNS activity on firm value: Evidence from facebook.
Bi-objective variable selection for key quality characteristics selection based on a modified NSGA-II and the ideal point method.
A model driven development approach based on a reference model for predicting disruptive events in a supply process.
Virtual and augmented reality support for discrete manufacturing system simulation.
Assembly operation process planning by mapping a virtual assembly simulation to real operation.
A document-process association model for workflow management.
Simulation-based assessment of machine criticality measures for a shifting bottleneck scheduling approach in complex manufacturing systems.
Knowledge sharing in virtual enterprises via an ontology-based access control approach.
A fuzzy matchmaking approach for Semantic Web Services with application to collaborative material selection.
A framework to inform PSS Conceptual Design by using system-in-use data.
Enterprise Resource Planning systems: An assessment of applicability to Make-To-Order companies.
Toward a model-driven, alignment-oriented ERP methodology.
Synergy of computers, cognition, communication and control with industrial applications.
A distributed repository for managing business process models in cross-organizational collaborations.
A modelling technique for re-engineering business processes controlled by ISO 9001.
Development of a remote monitoring system for a manufacturing support system for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Framework for managing business development in the networked organisation.
Clean-up tool path generation by contraction tool method for machining complex polyhedral models.
A conceptual approach managing design resource.
Verification and validation of a SSM model dedicated to mode handling of flexible manufacturing systems.
Analysis of collaboration for project design management.
A structural component-based approach for designing product family.
A comparison of model transformation tools: Application for Transforming GRAI Extended Actigrams into UML Activity Diagrams.
"Open CAI 2.0" - Computer Aided Innovation in the era of open innovation and Web 2.0.
An agent-based approach to engineering design.
MESSRS: A model-based 3D system for of recognition, semantic annotation and calculating the spatial relationships of a factory's digital facilities.
Product lifecycle management in aviation maintenance, repair and overhaul.
Semantic technologies on the mission: Preventing corruption in public procurement.
Alternative estimation of "public procurement advertised in the Official Journal as % of GDP" official indicator using open government data.
Establishing a maturity model for design automation in sales-delivery processes of ETO products.
Machining fixture locating and clamping position optimization using genetic algorithms.
Managing the full ERP life-cycle: Considerations of maintenance and support requirements and IT governance practice as integral elements of the formula for successful ERP adoption.
A fuzzy strategic alliance selection framework for supply chain partnering under limited evaluation resources.
A risk based model for quantifying the impact of information quality.
On-line tool wear measurement for ball-end milling cutter based on machine vision.
Automatic digital biometry analysis based on depth maps.
A contribution of system theory to sustainable enterprise interoperability science base.
Decision support in intermodal transport: A new research agenda.
Agent-supported portals and knowledge management in complex R&amp;D projects.
The concurrent application of lean production and ERP: Towards an ERP-based lean implementation process.
A cyber-physical system-based approach for industrial automation systems.
Fault diagnosis for nonlinear systems using a bank of neural estimators.
Supporting product design by anticipating the success chances of new value profiles.
Agents-based design for fault management systems in industrial processes.
AIR-MODELLING: A tool for gesture-based solid modelling in context during early design stages in AR environments.
Towards an integrating architecture for competence management.
Action patterns in business process model repositories.
Sustainable interoperability: The future of Internet based industrial enterprises.
Guest Editorial.
Knowledge-based collaborative engineering of pipe networks in the upstream and downstream petroleum industry.
Multidisciplinary interface model for design of mechatronic systems.
Towards a client-oriented integration of construction processes and building GIS systems.
A framework proposal for seamless interoperability in a collaborative networked environment.
VPeers: A peer-to-peer service discovery framework for Virtual Manufacturing Organizations.
Association-Based Active Access Control models with balanced scalability and flexibility.
Labeling design documents based on operators' consensus - A case study of robotic design.
Facial configuration and BMI based personalized face and upper body modeling for customer-oriented wearable product design.
Process mining: a research agenda.
Enabling successful Collaboration 2.0: A REST-based Web Service and Web 2.0 technology oriented information platform for collaborative product development.
A design decision-making support model for customized product color combination.
Empirical evidence, evaluation criteria and challenges for the effectiveness of virtual and mixed reality tools for training operators of car service maintenance.
Evolutionary feature and instance selection for traffic sign recognition.
PLM system support for modular product development.
Special issue on human-centered computing systems in industry".
A model-driven ontology approach for manufacturing system interoperability and knowledge sharing.
Generation of the 3D CAD model of the hull structure at the initial ship design stage and its application.
A novel collaborative scheme of simulation and model checking for system properties verification.
A study of enterprise resource planning (ERP) system performance measurement using the quantitative balanced scorecard approach.
Application of optimization techniques to parameter set-up in scheduling.
A process algebra based simulation model of a miniload-workstation order picking system.
Collaborative life cycle management between suppliers and OEM.
Design of a Meta Model for integrating enterprise systems.
A framework to analyse collaborative performance.
Applications of the Web-based collaborative visualization in distributed product development.
Customisable collaborative editing supporting the work processes of organisations.
Formal computer-aided product family architecture design for mass customization.
Implementation of remote robot manufacturing over Internet.
Experiences in developing collaborative engineering environments: An action research approach.
A systematic evaluation of the C4ISR AF using ISO15704 Annex A (GERAM).
Current trends on ICT technologies for enterprise information systems.
Tool path generation for a surface model with defects.
Automated inspection of gaps on the automobile production line through stereo vision and specular reflection.
Structural optimization strategies to design green products.
A layered approach to automated electrical safety analysis in automotive environments.
A hierarchical multi-view modeling for Networked Joint Manufacturing System.
Key performance indicators for PLM benefits evaluation: The Alcatel Alenia Space case study.
Development of a remote-access laboratory: a dc motor control experiment.
Introducing decision-aware business processes.
Machine vision system for inspecting electric plates.
Modelling and optimisation of Rapid Prototyping.
Framework for outsourcing manufacturing: strategic and operational implications.
An integrated approach for warehouse analysis and optimization: A case study.
A survey of challenges in modelling and decision-making for discrete event logistics systems.
A framework for design knowledge management and reuse for Product-Service Systems in construction machinery industry.
New CBR adaptation method combining with problem-solution relational analysis for mechanical design.
Generation of automotive troubleshooting configuration system using an ontology-based approach.
Dynamic modelling of Decision Systems (DMDS).
The Digital Factory between vision and reality.
A survey of applications and requirements of unique identification systems and RFID techniques.
Business-to-business integration: Applicability, benefits and barriers in the telecommunications industry.
Evaluating the performance of reactive control architectures for manufacturing production control.
3D surface acquisition and reconstruction for inspection of raw steel products.
Schema-based conversation modeling for agent-oriented manufacturing systems.
Performance evaluation of object localization based on active radio frequency identification technology.
Towards a formal definition of contradiction in inventive design.
Replicated concurrency control for collaborative feature modelling: A fine granular approach.
Business Process Intelligence.
Software component architecture in supply chain management.
A versatile virtual prototyping system for rapid product development.
Weight reduction of aluminum disc wheels under fatigue constraints using a sequential neural network approximation method.
Optimal strategies for corrective assembly approach applied to a high-quality relay production system.
A topological hierarchy-based approach to layered manufacturing of functionally graded multi-material objects.
Introducing X-machine models to verify PLC ladder diagrams.
An interactive genetic algorithm-based framework for handling qualitative criteria in design optimization.
KaViDo - a web-based system for collaborative research and development processes.
Producing, storing, using and selling renewable energy: The best mix for the small medium industry.
A case-based framework for reuse of previous design concepts in conceptual synthesis of mechanisms.
SecTTS: A secure track &amp; trace system for RFID-enabled supply chains.
Trends and challenges in Production and Supply Chain Management.
Agent-supported collaboration and interoperability for networked enterprises: Modeling interactions and service compositions.
A workflow net similarity measure based on transition adjacency relations.
An XML implementation process model for enterprise applications.
Lightweight design of vehicle parameters under crashworthiness using conservative surrogates.
Competency characterisation by means of work situation modelling.
Choreography frameworks for business integration: Addressing heterogeneous semantics.
A fast and robust decision support system for in-line quality assessment of resistance seam welds in the steelmaking industry.
Towards unified modelling of product life-cycles.
Associative feature modeling for concurrent engineering integration.
Editorial.
Module partition process model and method of integrated service product.
Cognitive factors in distributed design.
Towards a Machine of a Process (MOP) ontology to facilitate e-commerce of industrial machinery.
A decision support system for selecting convenience store location through integration of fuzzy AHP and artificial neural network.
Secure collaboration in design and supply chain management.
Computing on rays: A parallel approach for surface mesh modeling from multi-material volumetric data.
Approach for requirement oriented team building in industrial processes.
Diversity-aware retrieval of medical records.
A manufacturing system engineering ontology model on the semantic web for inter-enterprise collaboration.
Towards a framework of critical success factors for implementing supply chain information systems.
Formal component-based modeling and synthesis for PLC systems.
A framework of enroute air traffic conflict detection and resolution through complex network analysis.
A fuzzy mathematics based optimal delivery scheduling approach.
Discovering workflow models from activities' lifespans.
Collaborative composition of processes in holonic manufacturing systems.
A modeling framework for agile and interoperable virtual enterprises.
A neural network based information granulation approach to shorten the cellular phone test process.
Decision support systems and the coordination of supply consortium partners.
Hybrid client-server architecture and control techniques for collaborative product development using haptic interfaces.
Dynamic 3D surface reconstruction and motion modeling from a pan-tilt-zoom camera.
Multiple-objective scheduling for interbay AMHS by using genetic-programming-based composite dispatching rules generator.
Personalised online sales using web usage data mining.
Product-service systems scenarios simulation based on G-DEVS/HLA: Generalized discrete event specification/high level architecture.
The role of the customer order decoupling point in production and supply chain management.
Conceptual model for semantic representation of industrial manufacturing processes.
Ecosystem-inspired enterprise modelling framework for collaborative and networked manufacturing systems.
Emerging information technologies for enhanced healthcare.
Design and development of a mobile EPC-RFID-based self-validation system (MESS) for product authentication.
Recursive object model (ROM) - Modelling of linguistic information in engineering design.
Service quality and ERP implementation: A conceptual and empirical study of semiconductor-related industries in Taiwan.
Integrating expert knowledge into industrial control structures.
An object-oriented approach to the concurrent engineering of electronics assemblies.
Immune algorithms-based approach for redundant reliability problems with multiple component choices.
The challenge of networked enterprises for cloud computing interoperability.
Interactive analysis of product development experiments using On-line Analytical Mining.
Advanced ship evacuation analysis using a cell-based simulation model.
Comparison and retrieval of process models using related cluster pairs.
Non-uniform offsetting and hollowing objects by using biarcs fitting for rapid prototyping processes.
Data and process requirements for product recall coordination.
Identified adjustability dimensions when generating a product specific requirements specification by requirements reuse.
Strategic decision making for multiple-generation product lines using dynamic state variable models: The cannibalization case.
PRoduct ONTOlogy: Defining product-related concepts for logistics planning activities.
Data model for quality in product lifecycle.
UPSL-SE: A model verification framework for Systems Engineering.
An XML-based process definition language for integrated process management.
A QFD-based method to support SMEs in benchmarking co-design tools.
Evaluating a mobile data-collection system for production information in SMEs.
Autonomous navigation and environment modeling for MAVs in 3-D enclosed industrial environments.
Building a support framework for enterprise integration.
Multi-sensor data fusion by a hybrid methodology - A comparative study.
A model for evaluating a design change and the distributed manufacturing operations in a collaborative manufacturing environment.
Supporting personalization and customization in a collaborative setting.
An empirical investigation of information systems interoperability business value in European firms.
Incorporating free-form features in aesthetic and engineering product design: State-of-the-art report.
A model predictive control approach for real-time optimization of reentrant manufacturing lines.
UECML: Unified Enterprise Competence Modelling Language.
A research on open CNC system based on architecture/component software reuse technology.
Introducing quantitative analysis methods into virtual environments for real-time and continuous ergonomic evaluations.
Erratum to "Discovering workflow models from activities' lifespans": [Comput. Ind. 53(2004) 283-296].
Evaluation of a hypermedia maintenance support application.
Knowledge-intensive collaborative design modeling and support: Part I: Review, distributed models and framework.
Conceptualising and structuring semantics in cooperative enterprise information systems models.
Management of business process constraints using BPTrigger.
Benefits of an item-centric enterprise-data model in logistics services: A case study.
FPGA-based tool path computation: An application for shoe last machining on CNC lathes.
Flexible software for condition monitoring, incorporating novelty detection and diagnostics.
Formalisation and use of competencies for industrial performance optimisation: A survey.
Cognitive decision making in smart industry.
A Nash equilibrium simulation model for the competitiveness evaluation of the auction based day ahead electricity market.
Chemical enterprise model and decision-making framework for sustainable chemical product design.
Investigation on auditing principles and rules for PDM/PLM system implementation.
Impact analysis of ERP post-implementation modifications: Design, tool support and evaluation.
Identifying critical issues in enterprise resource planning (ERP) implementation.
An ontological basis for computer aided innovation.
The role of lean in the application of information technology to manufacturing.
Computer aided rapid tooling process selection and manufacturability evaluation for injection mold development.
Fuzzy group decision-making to multiple preference formats in quality function deployment.
A stigmergic approach for dynamic routing of active products in FMS.
Multi-agent coordination and control using stigmergy.
A semantic approach to a framework for business domain software systems.
A multiobjective-optimization approach for a piloted quality-management system: A comparison of two approaches for a case study.
Complex product modeling based on a Multi-solution eXtended Conceptual Design Semantic Matrix for behavioral performance assessment.
A collaboration model for new product development through the integration of PLM and SCM in the electronics industry.
Collaborative negotiation for ontology-driven enterprise businesses.
Process oriented framework to support PLM implementation.
A timed colored Petri nets modeling for dynamic workflow in product development process.
Shoe-last design innovation for better shoe fitting.
Task-activity based access control for process collaboration environments.
A simulated annealing algorithm for facility layout problems under variable demand in Cellular Manufacturing Systems.
Mining exact models of concurrent workflows.
Improved project management through improved document management.
Real-time recovery of moving 3D faces for emerging applications.
Aligning an ERP system with enterprise requirements: An object-process based approach.
Compiling Ladder Diagram into Instruction List to comply with IEC 61131-3.
Competence management in industrial processes.
Achieving holonic control - an incremental approach.
Sustainability management and its software support in selected Italian enterprises.
A tool supported engineering process for developing control applications.
Editorial.
Intelligent prognostics tools and e-maintenance.
Product design using point-cloud surfaces: A recursive subdivision technique for point parameterization.
Distributed search for supply chain coordination.
Product-service system engineering: From theory to industrial applications.
aDApTA: Adaptive approach to information integration in dynamic environments.
Editorial.
The Unified Enterprise Modelling Language - Overview and further work.
Early feasibility evaluation of Solution Concepts in an Inventive Design Method Framework: Approach and support tool.
Editorial.
3D dental biometrics: Alignment and matching of dental casts for human identification.
Internet-based distributive knowledge integrated system for product design.
Integrated multi-layer representation and ant colony search for product selective disassembly planning.
A review of performance measurement: Towards performance management.
An object-oriented information model for manufacturability analysis of printed circuit board fabrication.
An integrated environment for organisational decision support.
Development of a Production Meta Product State Model.
Design, manufacture and geometric verification of rapid prototyped microfluidic encapsulations by computed tomography.
WebROBOT: Internet based robotic assembly planning system.
A new AR authoring tool using depth maps for industrial procedures.
Industrial applications of type-2 fuzzy sets and systems: A concise review.
Product lifecycle oriented digitization agile process preparation system.
An information architecture for a performance management framework by collaborating SMEs.
A framework to support customer-company interaction in mass customization environments.
A rail-road PI-hub allocation problem: Active and reactive approaches.
Example-based statistical framework for parametric modeling of human body shapes.
Refactoring large process model repositories.
Fast assessment of production makespan using aggregate technical data.
An image-based system to preliminary assess the quality of grape harvest batches on arrival at the winery.
Moving from syntactic to semantic organizations using JXML2OWL.
Evaluating alternative approaches to mobile object localization in wireless sensor networks with passive architecture.
Towards an aggregation performance measurement system model in a supply chain context.
A configuration-based flexible reporting method for enterprise information systems.
Collaborative disaster management: An interdisciplinary approach.
A concurrency control model for PDM systems.
Intelligent products - a step towards a more effective project delivery chain.
Synthesis of the digital mock-up system for heterogeneous CAD assembly.
A methodology for creating a virtual model for a flexible manufacturing system.
Supporting conflict management in collaborative design: An approach to assess engineering change impacts.
Text classification based filters for a domain-specific search engine.
Integration of Web Services technology with business models within the total product design process for supplier selection.
A new design paradigm for the development of custom-fit soft sockets for lower limb prostheses.
An Internet virtual reality collaborative environment for effective product design.
An integration of bidding-oriented product conceptualization and supply chain formation.
Understanding the relationship between PMS and MIS in SMEs: An organizational life cycle perspective.
Developments in dynamic and intelligent reconfiguration of industrial automation.
A deadlock recovery strategy for unified automated material handling systems in 300 mm wafer fabrications.
Document configuration control processes captured in a workflow.
Architectural support for the advanced virtual enterprise.
Industrial automation based on cyber-physical systems technologies: Prototype implementations and challenges.
Performance measurement of the after-sales service network - Evidence from the automotive industry.
A layer-based virtual prototyping system for product development.
Model-driven approach to enterprise interoperability at the technical service level.
Integration of engineering change objects in product data management databases to support engineering change analysis.
Mobile information search for location-based information.
Understanding the implications of digitisation and automation in the context of Industry 4.0: A triangulation approach and elements of a research agenda for the construction industry.
Supply-chain transparency within industrialized construction projects.
Genetic algorithms for integrated preventive maintenance planning and production scheduling for a single machine.
PROTEUS - Creating distributed maintenance systems through an integration platform.
Integrating Petri Nets and hybrid heuristic search for the scheduling of FMS.
Interactive analysis of discrete-event logistics systems with support of a data warehouse.
Life Cycle Simulation for the design of Product-Service Systems.
A framework for virtual enterprise operation management.
Model-based system analysis using Chi and Uppaal: An industrial case study.
IT-based competency modeling and management: from theory to practice in enterprise engineering and operations.
Managing readiness-relevant activities for the organizational dimension of ERP implementation.
Collaborative project planning: A case study of seismic risk analysis using an e-engineering hub.
Freeform feature modelling: concepts and prospects.
A trade server for electricity e-commerce.
Ontology-based structured web data warehouses for sustainable interoperability: requirement modeling, design methodology and tool.
Erratum to "A decision support system for selecting convenience store location through integration of fuzzy AHP and artificial neural network" [Comput. Ind. 47(2002) 199-214].
Efficient collaboration between main and sub-suppliers.
Coupling experimental design - digital simulation of junctions for the development of complex tolerance chains.
Soft products development.
An efficient method for fully automatic 3D digitization of unknown objects.
A new design optimization framework based on immune algorithm and Taguchi's method.
A Speech Act Theory-based information model to support design communication through annotations.
Holonic coordination obtained by joining the contract net protocol with constraint satisfaction.
An intelligent decision support approach for reviewer assignment in R&amp;D project selection.
Integration of multiple platforms for real-time remote model-based condition monitoring.
Challenges in business systems integration.
Re-thinking diagnosis for future automation systems: An analysis of current diagnostic practices and their applicability in emerging IT based production paradigms.
Enabled dynamic tasks planning in Web-based virtual manufacturing environments.
Using AHP and TOPSIS approaches in customer-driven product design process.
New paradigms for a product oriented modelling: Case study for traceability.
Probe-radius compensation for 3D data points in reverse engineering.
Towards a framework for energy-aware information systems in manufacturing.
Cost estimation of custom hoses from STL files and CAD drawings.
Personal assistant agents for collaborative design environments.
Empirical evidence of an integrative knowledge competence framework for ERP systems implementation in UK industries.
Specification of a repository to support collaborative knowledge exchanges in IPPOP project.
Using virtual reality and 3D industrial numerical models for immersive interactive checklists.
Supply chain management ontology from an ontology engineering perspective.
Personality and enjoyment of computer game play.
Estimating and quantifying the impact of using models for integration and testing.
Applying collaborative process design to user requirements elicitation: A case study.
A framework for fast 3D solid model exchange in integrated design environment.
Enterprise modelling methodology for forward and reverse supply chain flows integration.
Impact of the shape of demand distribution in decision models for operations management.
IMAQCS: Design and implementation of an intelligent multi-agent system for monitoring and controlling quality of cement production processes.
A 3D simplification algorithm for distributed visualization.
Design, modelling, simulation and integration of cyber physical systems: Methods and applications.
Integration of machine-vision inspection information for best-matching of distributed components and suppliers.
Electromagnetic modular Smart Surface architecture and control in a microfactory context.
Specification of an intelligent simulation-based real time control architecture: Application to truck control system.
A framework for early warning and proactive control systems in food supply chain networks.
Product-Service Systems Engineering: State of the art and research challenges.
Fuzzy neural network-based rescheduling decision mechanism for semiconductor manufacturing.
Computer aided analysis and design of power transformers.
QoS and network resources management for communication in distributed manufacturing processes.
An approach to solve contradiction problems for the safety integration in innovative design process.
A generic material flow control model applied in two industrial sectors.
Enabling customers engagement and collaboration for small and medium-sized enterprises in ubiquitous multi-channel ecosystems.
Ontology mapping using description logic and bridging axioms.
Emerging ICT concepts for smart, safe and sustainable industrial systems.
Computer simulation aids for the intelligent manufacture of quality clothing.
Stability-oriented evaluation of rescheduling strategies, by using simulation.
FADYRCOS, a semantic interoperability framework for collaborative model-based dynamic reconfiguration of networked services.
Semantic Web computing in industry.
Role-based service-oriented implementation of a virtual enterprise: A case study in the construction sector.
Will Model-based Definition replace engineering drawings throughout the product lifecycle? A global perspective from aerospace industry.
Simulation-based evolutionary algorithm approach for deriving the operational planning of global supply chains from the systematic risk management.
VOAuth: A solution to protect OAuth against phishing.
Slicing of CAD models in color STL format.
Collaborative design: New methodologies and technologies.
Process analysis and product quality estimation by Self-Organizing Maps with an application to polyethylene production.
A Petri net-based methodology to increase flexibility in service-oriented holonic manufacturing systems.
A Genetic Algorithm approach to cartographic map generalisation.
Time-of-Flight camera based 3D point cloud reconstruction of a car.
Workflow mining with InWoLvE.
A novel form design and CAD modelling approach.
Cryptography and authentication on RFID passive tags for apparel products.
Using immune designed ontologies to monitor disruptions in manufacturing systems.
A system level product configurator for engineer-to-order supply chains.
Dynamic workflow model fragmentation for distributed execution.
A survey on knowledge representation in materials science and engineering: An ontological perspective.
Recommendation of e-commerce sites by matching category-based buyer query and product e-catalogs.
A design method for three-dimensional maintenance, repair and overhaul job card of complex products.
An empirical analysis of the PLM implementation effects in the aerospace industry.
Implementation of an automated operation planning and optimum operation sequencing and tool selection algorithms.
Karmarkar's and interaction/prediction algorithms for hierarchical production planning for the highest business benefit.
Advances in photogrammetric measurement solutions.
Modelling of the life cycle of products with data acquisition features.
Editorial.
Dynamic approach to solve the daily drayage problem with transit time uncertainty.
Interoperability in Collaborative Networks: Independent and industry-specific initiatives - The case of the footwear industry.
Utilizing enterprise systems for managing enterprise risks.
High-fidelity rapid prototyping of 300 mm fabs through discrete event system modeling.
An innovative freight traffic assignment model for multimodal networks.
An ontological approach for reliable data integration in the industrial domain.
A customer oriented methodology for reverse engineering software selection in the computer aided inspection scenario.
Sustainability trends in the process industries: A text mining-based analysis.
An integrated design flow for the joint generation of control and interfaces from a business model.
A multi-agent system model for supply chains with lateral preventive transshipments: Application in a multi-national automotive supply chain.
Corrigendum to "Critical factors for successful ERP implementation: Exploratory findings from four case studies [Computers in Industry 56 (6) (2005) 529-544].
Information system modelling for engineering design co-ordination.
Understanding TRIZ through the review of top cited publications.
Web-based support for collaborative product design review.
Flexible IEEE 802.15.4 deadline-aware scheduling for DPCSs using priority-based CSMA-CA.
STEP-based quality diagnosis of shape data of product models for collaborative e-engineering.
Dexel-based force-torque rendering and volume updating for 5-DOF haptic product prototyping and virtual sculpting.
A semi-automatic approach for workflow staff assignment.
vMES: Virtualization aware manufacturing execution system.
An ontology change management approach for facility management.
Design for diagnosability of multistation manufacturing systems based on sensor allocation optimization.
Improving the quotation process with product configuration.
An Internet-enabled integrated system for co-design and concurrent engineering.
Reactive and energy-aware scheduling of flexible manufacturing systems using potential fields.
Business processes oriented heterogeneous systems integration platform for networked enterprises.
An ontology based text mining system for knowledge discovery from the diagnosis data in the automotive domain.
Business process modelling in industry - the powerful tool in enterprise management.
Return on investment calculator for RFID ecosystem of high tech company.
Integration of business modelling methods for enterprise information system analysis and user requirements gathering.
Open standard, open source and peer-to-peer tools and methods for collaborative product development.
Athena: A collaborative approach to requirements elicitation.
An intelligent zone-based delivery scheduling approach.
Performance measurement in the construction industry: An action case investigating manufacturing methodologies.
Monitoring environmental performance of the forestry supply chain using RFID.
Verification, validation, qualification and certification of enterprise models: Statements and opportunities.
Research on high creative application of case-based reasoning system on engineering design.
Implementation issues in RFID-based anti-counterfeiting systems.
Integrity validation in semantic engineering design environment.
A Benchmarking Service for the evaluation and comparison of scheduling techniques.
Block pattern generation: From parameterizing human bodies to fit feature-aligned and flattenable 3D garments.
Machine learning applied to quality management - A study in ship repair domain.
An approach to recognize interacting features from B-Rep CAD models of prismatic machined parts using a hybrid (graph and rule based) technique.
An exploratory study on ontology engineering for software architecture documentation.
Novel ANN-based feature recognition incorporating design by features.
CAD/CAE/CAM integration for increasing the accuracy of mask rapid prototyping system.
Applying collaborative design and modularized assembly for automotive ODM supply chain integration.
Enterprise information systems state of the art: Past, present and future trends.
Agent-based monitoring service for management of disruptive events in supply chains.
Reliability-based robust assessment for multiobjective optimization design of improving occupant restraint system performance.
A system based on machined volumes to reduce the number of route sheets in process planning.
Motion generation from MTM semantics.
Exploring the future of enterprise architecture: A Zachman perspective.
Computer-supported competence management: Evolution of industrial processes as life cycles of organizations.
Interactive visualization of complex dynamic virtual environments for industrial assemblies.
Identifying candidates for design-by-analogy.
The future of computer-aided innovation.
New trends on e-Procurement applying semantic technologies.
Quality assurance of design support software: review and analysis of the state of the art.
Analysis reuse exploiting taxonomical information and belief assignment in industrial problem solving.
A statistical analysis of interference and effective deployment strategies for facility-specific wireless sensor networks.
Production information interoperability over the Internet: A standardised data acquisition tool developed for industrial enterprises.
An architecture to integrate IEC 61131-3 systems in an IEC 61499 distributed solution.
Understanding the dynamics between organizational IT investment strategy and market performance: A system dynamics approach.
Sustainability in Web server systems.
New methods of creating MBD process model: On the basis of machining knowledge.
Multidimensional imaging for skin tissue surface characterization.
Development of an e-maintenance system integrating advanced techniques.
Development of data acquisition systems by using a domain-specific modeling language.
A step-by-step performance assessment and improvement method for ERP implementation: Action case studies in Chinese companies.
Toward a cloud-based manufacturing execution system for distributed manufacturing.
Toward a business model reference for interoperability services.
Development of an Internet virtual layout system for improving workplace safety.
Roundness measurements for discontinuous perimeters via machine visions.
A two-stage fuzzy approach to feature-based design retrieval.
Development in the application of ICT in condition monitoring and maintenance.
Training Fuzzy Cognitive Maps via Extended Great Deluge Algorithm with applications.
A framework for awareness support in groupware systems.
Overcoming the customization-responsiveness squeeze by using product configurators: Beyond anecdotal evidence.
Towards product customization: An integrated order fulfillment system.
Roadmap to tracking based business and intelligent products.
Editorial of the Special Issue on CSCW in Design.
Knowledge web-based system architecture for collaborative product development.
Limits and opportunities in mass customization for "build to order" SMEs.
Automatic CAD model retrieval based on design documents using semantic processing and rule processing.
Location Analysis Model for Belgian Intermodal Terminals: Importance of the value of time in the intermodal transport chain.
A reference software architecture for the development of industrial automation high-level applications in the petroleum industry.
An integrated approach for an interoperable industrial networking architecture consisting of heterogeneous fieldbuses.
Natural language processing for aviation safety reports: From classification to interactive analysis.
Selection, ranking and composition of semantically enriched business processes.
NCES-based modelling and CTL-based verification of reconfigurable embedded control systems.
Fuzzy control of a multiple hearth furnace.
Towards a cost-effective and reusable traceability system. A semantic approach.
Coordination and optimization in oil and gas production complexes.
Assembly planning based on semantic modeling approach.
Computer aided parametric design for 3D tire mold production.
Making use of prognostics health management information for aerospace spare components logistics network optimisation.
Design for innovation - A methodology to engineer the innovation diffusion into the development process.
Process Mining for the multi-faceted analysis of business processes - A case study in a financial services organization.
A formal representation for context-aware business processes.
3D geometry reconstruction from orthographic views: A method based on 3D image processing and data fitting.
Investigating the success of ERP systems: Case studies in three Taiwanese high-tech industries.
Reference ontologies to support the development of global production network systems.
Text legibility for projected Augmented Reality on industrial workbenches.
Knowledge integration and sharing for collaborative molding product design and process development.
Discovering models of behavior for concurrent workflows.
A methodology for supporting requirement management tools (RMt) design in the PLM scenario: An user-based strategy.
A service-oriented framework for agent-based simulations of collaborative supply chains.
ICT capabilities for supporting collaborative work on business processes within the digital content industry.
Editorial.
Hybrid weighted mean for CBR adaptation in mechanical design by exploring effective, correlative and adaptative values.
Design evaluation of information appliances using augmented reality-based tangible interaction.
A conceptual model for the production and transport planning process: An application to the automobile sector.
Grading of construction aggregate through machine vision: Results and prospects.
Optimizing customer's selection for configurable product in B2C e-commerce application.
A multi-level model-driven regime for value-added tax compliance in ERP systems.
Performance: Its meaning and content for today's business research.
A multi source product reputation model.
Computer-Aided Inspection Planning - The state of the art.
Knowledge-intensive collaborative decision support for design processes: A hybrid decision support model and agent.
Concurrent product configuration and process planning: Some optimization experimental results.
From the customer to the firm: evaluating generic service process designs for incoming customer requests.
Going beyond 'misfit' as a reason for ERP package customisation.
Energy-efficient dynamic scheduling for a flexible flow shop using an improved particle swarm optimization.
Preservation-awareness in collaborative engineering.
Towards precise real-time 3D difference detection for industrial applications.
Development of generic RFID traceability services.
H<sup>2</sup>CM: A holonic architecture for flexible hybrid control systems.
Comparing a knowledge-based and a data-driven method in querying data streams for system fault detection: A hydraulic drive system application.
Applying process monitoring with multivariate analysis through a knowledge-based systems approach to a paperboard machine.
Computers in the semiconductor industry.
A computerized knowledge management system for the manufacturing strategy process.
Optimal shipping routes and vessel size for intermodal barge transport with empty container repositioning.
Research on industrial product-service configuration driven by value demands based on ontology modeling.
Working with ERP systems - Is big brother back?
A framework for collaborative top-down assembly design.
Recognising 3D products and sourcing part documentation with scanned data.
Particle filtering on GPU architectures for manufacturing applications.
Mutual awareness in collaborative design: An Augmented Reality integrated telepresence system.
Agent-based model for managing composite product information.
On the feasibility to deploy mobile industrial applications using wireless communications.
An overview on fault diagnosis and nature-inspired optimal control of industrial process applications.
Mining web browsing patterns for E-commerce.
Inventive problem solving based on dialectical negation, using evolutionary algorithms and TRIZ heuristics.
A framework of web-based conceptual design.
A modelling and evaluation methodology for E-Commerce enabled BPR.
A methodology for traffic-related Twitter messages interpretation.
ICT for sustainability in industry.
Effective digital collaboration in the construction industry - A case study of BIM deployment in a hospital construction project.
Multi-material virtual prototyping for product development and biomedical engineering.
Modelling information requirements in complex engineering services.
Infusing scientific foundations into Enterprise Interoperability.
A Product Data Management architecture for integrating hardware and software development.
Managing large collections of business process models - Current techniques and challenges.
A two-factor authentication system using Radio Frequency Identification and watermarking technology.
A multi-agent system for acquiring and sharing lessons learned.
A classification for better use of ERP systems.
Tools and methods for managing intangible assets of virtual enterprise.
A knowledge-based tool for designing cyber physical production systems.
Towards a sustainable interoperability in networked enterprise information systems: Trends of knowledge and model-driven technology.
Optimization of multimodal networks including environmental costs: A model and findings for transport policy.
Fusion of visual odometry and inertial navigation system on a smartphone.
Knowledge work support by semantic task management.
Machine vision based automatic separation of touching convex shaped objects.
A decision-support system for the design and management of warehousing systems.
On efficient processing of BPMN-Q queries.
Tracking of Returnable Packaging and Transport Units with active RFID in the grocery supply chain.
Engaging construction stakeholders with sustainability through a knowledge harvesting platform.
Optimal behaviour prediction using a primitive-based data-driven model-free iterative learning control approach.
Developing new products with knowledge management methods and process development management in a network.
Ontology-based approach for context modeling in enterprise applications.
A novel rule-centric object oriented approach for document generation.
Definition and evaluation of product configurator development strategies.
A methodology for dynamic enterprise process performance evaluation.
A meta-model for knowledge configuration management to support collaborative engineering.
Integrated Computer-Aided Innovation: The PROSIT approach.
Machine vision for feedback control in a steel rolling mill.
Supporting shop floor workers with a multimedia task-oriented information system.
3D curve structure reconstruction from a sparse set of unordered images.
The complementary use of IDEF and UML modelling approaches.
Advanced computer support of engineering and service processes of virtual enterprises.
Requirements and languages for the semantic representation of manufacturing systems.
InsPulp-I(c) : An on-line visual inspection system for the pulp industry.
Process-oriented tolerancing using the extended stream of variation model.
I3WSN: Industrial Intelligent Wireless Sensor Networks for indoor environments.
Integrated modeling with top-down approach in subsidiary industries.
Design and performance of a rule-based controller in a naturally ventilated room.
Issues of mass customisation and supporting IT-solutions.
Peeking at the ERP Decline stage: Japanese empirical evidence.
A collaborative engine for enterprise application integration.
Modelling collaborative knowledge to support engineering design project manager.
Virtual disassembly of products based on geometric models.
CLOVER: an agent-based approach to systems interoperability in cooperative design systems.
Object-oriented knowledge-based computer-aided process planning system for bare circuit boards manufacturing.
Integrated data management in complex product collaborative design.
A real-time scheme of cubic parametric curve interpolations for CNC systems.
An approach to automatic adaptation of assembly models.
Development of a knowledge-based design support system for Product-Service Systems.
Implementation of traceability using a distributed RFID-based mechanism.
Optimizing communication in mobile ad hoc network clustering.
Modelling using UML and BPMN the integration of open reliability, maintenance and condition monitoring management systems: An application in an electric transformer system.
Web-based virtual operating of CNC milling machine tools.
Shape similarity measurement for 3D mechanical part using D2 shape distribution and negative feature decomposition.
A formal verification framework and associated tools for Enterprise Modeling: Application to UEML.
A knowledge-based auto-reasoning methodology in hole-machining process planning.
A standardised approach for sustainable interoperability between public transport passenger information systems.
Enterprise integration and interoperability in manufacturing systems: Trends and issues.
Domain specific model-based development of software for programmable logic controllers.
Arachne - adaptive network strategy in a business environment.
Evaluating ERP Projects with multi-attribute decision support systems.
FSAM: A fast self-adaptive method for correcting non-uniform illumination for 3D reconstruction.
Hypermedia maintenance support applications: Benefits and development costs.
An interactive data-driven driving simulator using motion blending.
Assessing the impact of enterprise systems technological characteristics on user continuance behavior: An empirical study in China.
A Progressive design and manufacturing evaluation system incorporating STEP AP224.
Generating 3D architectural models based on hand motion and gesture.
The evolution of a production planning system: A 10-year case study.
Parametric design with neural network relationships and fuzzy relationships considering uncertainties.
A tale of two trajectories: bottom-up social software adoption in differing organisational contexts.
Metamodelling of production systems process models using UML stereotypes.
Towards a G.O.D. theory for Organisational Engineering: modelling the (re)Generation, Operation and Discontinuation of the enterprise.
Dynamic hierarchies for business intelligence information retrieval.
Business grid services.
Web Services for semantic model integration in concurrent engineering.
Behaviour approach for evaluating team performance in software review: an empirical study.
Simplifying the procurement process by using e-commerce.
Research on a workflow management system for dispersed network manufacturing.
Effective ontology management in virtual learning environments.
Perks, political networks and institutional environment.
Performance assessment of service operations using DEA and managerial judgement: a case study.
Creating competitive advantage through outsourcing logistics: evidence from a Middle Eastern nation.
The drivers of product return in the information age.
A model-driven framework for business IT alignment.
A comprehensive study of the digital divide phenomenon in Taiwanese government agencies.
Generating a task-driven extended enterprise for e-manufacturing.
An investigation of the impacts of some external contextual factors on ERP systems success assessment: a case of firms in Baltic-Nordic region.
IT-enablement of Knowledge Management: the modelling of enablers.
Creativity as connectivity: a rhizome model of creativity.
The impact of service quality and switching cost on customer loyalty in information asymmetric services.
The socialisation of organisational learning through learning technology.
The effect of virtuality on individual network centrality and performance in on-going, distributed teams.
Web-based digital shop floor: implementation of business service management and managerial implications.
Transforming ad hoc product data into canonical product representation.
Improving competitive intelligence for knowledge management systems.
Connecting potential tenants and landlords via the internet: development and pilot testing of a transaction system for a commercial real estate enterprise.
Market entry decision support for evaluating external environments.
Plug and do business - ERP of the next generation for efficient order processing in dynamic business networks.
A framework for enterprise engineering.
A simulation study of public goods contributions.
Web-based information systems success: testing the antecedents of online customer satisfaction.
The prototypal social entrepreneur: a case study about social and economic leveraging of virtual community in regional Australia.
Pursuing organisational learning using absorptive capacity capabilities and the role of IT Infrastructure in RFID system initiatives: a cluster analysis study.
Culture's consequences for IT application and business process change: a research agenda.
A personalised recommendation procedure based on dimensionality reduction and web mining.
Enterprise ontology based development of information systems.
A case study of a centrally managed ERP implementation for manufacturing plants of a global corporation.
Agent-based simulation of a simple market.
A study of the Critical Success Factors of ERP implementation in developing countries.
Factors affecting Business Process Reengineering in China.
Development of an interactive framework of electronic business and global sourcing.
Web-based software contracting: an experimental study of deception identification across two different media.
Selecting forecasting model parameters in Material Requirement Planning systems.
Cars or buses: computer simulation of a social and economic dilemma.
Electronic business engineering - exploiting the potentials of a wireless world.
Discovering development of personnel qualification requirements by web mining: a case study.
Electronic supply chains: an empirical study of the Australian manufacturing industry.
An empirical investigation on factors influencing the adoption of mobile phone call centre services: an integrated model.
E-commerce adoption in small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Asia: a study of the early stages of e-commerce uptake.
Satisfaction with interpersonal and internet interactions in Thai corporate banking: an exploratory study.
Classification of customer loyalty based on Hidden Markov Model.
Portalet as a front end for enabling the e-service functions of CAX tool on the web.
Foundations of cultural design in e-learning.
The global diffusion of internet attack incidents: analysis of a bad innovation.
A grounded theory study of cellular phone New Product Development.
Allying business process reengineering with strategy: a new perspective for BPR.
Patient's medication information and its special characteristics: a case study of a Finnish primary care organisation.
A knowledge dimension associated with e-business models: a study of internet adoption amongst Australian wineries.
Price optimisation using business risk analysis and game theory.
A UML profile for perdurant ontology of domain interlocking Institutional Worlds.
Constraints in conceptual modelling: outlining an approach to business-driven web service composition.
Explaining the intended continuance level of telecommuting.
An investigation into knowledge discovery in collaborative learning communities.
Predicting Cyber-Production deviance in the workplace.
The potential for ERP in integrating the supply chain in the UK construction industry.
Application of quality methodologies to the development of a website.
From digital divide to digital inequality: the global perspective.
Fairness concerns in digital right management models.
Supporting the design of service contracts with interaction models.
Developing supply chain dynamic capability to realise the value of Inter-Organisational Systems.
Managing knowledge peer-to-peer: concepts and challenges.
Organising knowledges, gender divisions and gender policies: the case of large Finnish corporations.
The demand chain and its place in the value catalyst: an e-commerce example.
A batch arrival retrial queuing system for essential and optional services with server breakdown and Bernoulli vacation.
Partial privatisation and firm performance: evidence from China's state-owned enterprises.
Enabling processes for sharing knowledge in virtual business relationships.
Using IT to create business value in China: what can be learned from IT research and practices in the developed countries.
Initiation, adoption, and implementation of disaster recovery planning by health maintenance organisations.
Exploring the user acceptance of business intelligence systems in Taiwan's electronics industry: applying the UTAUT model.
User involvement to enhance expertise in system development.
Instrumentation and measurement of multi-channel services systems.
Agent-based simulation in market and production system.
A data analysis model for business intelligence.
Perspectives for Work and Business in the e-Economy: The Contribution of the European R&amp;D Programme IST.
Optimising e-mail communication: the impact of seminar- and computer-based training.
A modular subroutine selection process in disaster management based on a needs classification scheme.
From enterprise modelling to enterprise visual scenes.
Process integration based on multiple workflow domains.
A survey of the potential for i-Build technology in improving the effectiveness of construction management in the Taiwanese construction industry.
COSMOS: A discrete-event modeling methodology for construction process.
The effects of information technology implementation on supply chain collaboration.
Dynamic inventory database management (DIDM): a summary of an internet-based solution for managing complexity of inventory databases.
A study into the creation of feral information systems as a response to an ERP implementation within the supply chain of a large government-owned corporation.
Whether satisfaction with and liking for the supervisor moderate the relationship between fair treatment and employee internet behaviour.
The potential of Internet-based business-to-business electronic commerce for a 'technology follower': the case of the South African apparel sector.
Successfully implementing ERP: the IBM personal systems group experience.
Digital opportunity: the digital gap between openness and closeness of relational divide upon the mobile phone usage.
Measuring the value of online information to hotel e-bookings: an empirical study from China.
Taboo search as an intelligent agent for bid evaluation.
Editorial: Product and process modelling in construction and related industries.
CEO compensation and accruals management.
Editorial: Moving from knowledge management to organising knowledge.
Web question answering: technology and applications to business intelligence.
Issues of software quality and management in practice: an empirical investigation of use of explicit documents in software review.
A meta-model based environment to assist integrated one-off production in B&amp;C.
Interoperability in the service of coordination: expanding practical choices for supply chain integration.
Analysis of evaluation models for websites.
Factors influencing on knowledge-sharing behaviour in organisations.
Procession: a three-dimensional information visualisation tool for construction project statusing.
Enhancing e-commerce business models of selected SMEs by a multi-mode approach.
Information security and privacy in healthcare: current state of research.
Impact of ICT on government innovation policy: an international comparison.
An exploratory investigation of the impact of surprise interviews with former graduates on online students learning in an introductory IT course.
Public policies against the digital divide: a necessary adaptation to different degrees of development.
Modelling and simulation of e-business impact on supply chain.
Managing constrained capacity: a simulation study.
Experiences with middleware and mobile agents in an e-commerce European project.
Product configuration system based on the rule base.
Lost in cyberspace: barriers to bridging the digital divide in e-politics.
Customer strategies via internet commerce in the energy industry.
Analysing organisational structures using social network analysis: a case study.
Exchange Ideology as a moderator of Knowledge Sharing in virtual teams: a social exchange theory perspective.
eConsent: provenance, use and future role.
A web-based Demand Planning System (DPS) to enable coordinated re-manufacture of automotive components.
Knowledge hyperstories and context sensitive knowledge enabling - the use of situated support systems in distributed organisational environments.
Econometric modelling of e-commerce finance in the knowledge economy: issues, macroeconomic determinants and public policies.
Perceived quality, satisfaction and customer loyalty: an empirical study in the mobile phones sector in Brazil.
The dynamics of a virtual community during a natural disaster: a network analysis.
Media channels for personal business media.
E-Health readiness framework from Electronic Health Records perspective.
Determinants of internet adoption in small and medium-sized enterprises.
Advanced information management for process sciences: knowledge-based documentation of mathematical models.
Packaged software in China: a manager's support roles during implementation.
Understanding mobile communication and entertainment service usage: a comparison study.
Individual incentives in supervised work groups: from human subject experiments to agent based simulation.
Editorial: Internet and enterprise management.
A semantic portal for the tourism and hospitality industry: its design, use and acceptance.
Does Culture Matter? Collectivism, Long-Term Orientation, and Supply Chain Management in Korea.
Self-organisation of evolving agent populations in Digital Ecosystems.
Integration of bidding and procurement systems with e-marketplaces: case study of an Austrian tile layer.
An empirical investigation of the Miles and Snow typology for small on-line businesses.
Service fairness and IS continuance model in cloud computing.
Using competitive strategy patterns to determine ideal supply chain management information systems capabilities.
The role of the government and E-Commerce adoption in small businesses in New Zealand.
Understanding processes for model-based enterprise transformation planning.
Investigating the utilisation of ERP systems in the UAE.
Organizing knowledge and political process: reconfiguration in the context of BPR.
Visualisation: an aid to safety management.
A systematic approach of multi-person games.
The impact of consumption emotions of standby customers on customer satisfaction: an empirical analysis from Chinese customers.
Designing a fourth-party E-commerce logistics center: a benefit, cost and risk analysis using AHP and ANP models.
The impact of organisational factors at different levels of IOS development on supply chain partnerships.
An examination of ethical concerns related to doing business on the internet: a preliminary investigation of Turkish managers.
A multiple criteria decision support Web-based system for facilities management.
Constructing an integrated framework of life-cycle model to implement relationship management in an EC environment.
Service-level agreement-based QoS analysis for web services discovery and composition.
Information and communication technology and GDP per capita.
Performance evaluation of a centralised web-based integrated information system across the supply chain.
Towards virtual product model.
Conformance to specifications, zero defects, and six sigma quality: a closer look.
Aspire: an integrated negotiation support system and software agents for e-business negotiation.
SimPersonnel: a prototype policy simulation model for enterprise-wide manpower management in the U.S. Navy.
Analysis on the development of e-platforms in the AEC sector.
A case for cooperative and incentive-based federation of distributed clusters.
Formal description of the SWIFT identity management framework.
The Voronoi-Delaunay approach for the free volume analysis of a packing of balls in a cylindrical container.
Virtual private grid: a command shell for utilizing hundreds of machines efficiently.
The VEplatform system: A system for distributed virtual reality.
Performance test and analysis for an adaptive load balancing mechanism on distributed server cluster systems.
COHESION - A microkernel based Desktop Grid platform for irregular task-parallel applications.
Artificial intelligence and space.
Bus and memory protection through chain-generated and tree-verified IV for multiprocessors systems.
Efficient and accurate derivatives for a software process chain in airfoil shape optimization.
Multi-criteria and satisfaction oriented scheduling for hybrid distributed computing infrastructures.
A taxonomy for moving object queries in spatial databases.
Method of particles in visual clustering of multi-dimensional and large data sets.
A cost efficient framework and algorithm for embedding dynamic virtual network requests.
Mining permission patterns for contrasting clean and malicious android applications.
eSciGrid: A P2P-based e-science Grid for scalable and efficient data sharing.
Low-time complexity budget-deadline constrained workflow scheduling on heterogeneous resources.
On the construction of a reduced rank square-root Kalman filter for efficient uncertainty propagation.
First Fast Sink: A compiler algorithm for barrier placement optimisation.
Avatar as Content Delivery Platform.
PFRF: An adaptive data replication algorithm based on star-topology data grids.
Two levels autonomic resource management in virtualized IaaS.
Time Donating Barrier for efficient task scheduling in competitive multicore systems.
Workflows to open provenance graphs, round-trip.
A distributed scheduling framework based on selfish autonomous agents for federated cloud environments.
Key aspects of the UNICORE 6 security model.
Implementation of prolog databases and database operation builtins in the WAM-Plus model.
A parallel/distributed architecture for hierarchically heterogeneous web-based cooperative applications.
Mining constrained frequent itemsets from distributed uncertain data.
Parallel computing.
Summarization of scientific documents by detecting common facts in citations.
A framework of using cooperating mobile agents to achieve load sharing in distributed web server groups.
Empirical prediction models for adaptive resource provisioning in the cloud.
iMeter: An integrated VM power model based on performance profiling.
Evaluation of Flow-Aware Networking (FAN) architectures under GridFTP traffic.
Order statistics on a linear array with a reconfigurable bus.
Identification of the normal and abnormal heart sounds using wavelet-time entropy features based on OMS-WPD.
Virtual shared memory programming on workstation clusters.
Perspectives on grid computing.
SLA-based management of software licenses as web service resources in distributed computing infrastructures.
Parallelization strategies for quantum reactive scattering codes.
A novel data replication mechanism in P2P VoD system.
Special section: Trusting software behavior.
The FTA design paradigm for distributed systems.
Structured collaborative workflow design.
Dynamic security context management in Grid-based applications.
Special section: Parallel input/output management techniques (PIOMT) in cluster and grid computing.
Collaborative data visualization for Earth Sciences with the OptIPuter.
Multi-objective energy-efficient workflow scheduling using list-based heuristics.
Collaborative Research Using eScience Infrastructure and High Speed Networks.
LGF: A flexible framework for exposing legacy codes as services.
Restarted Simpler GMRES augmented with harmonic Ritz vectors.
Power-efficient video encoding on resource-limited systems: A game-theoretic approach.
A computational framework for telemedicine.
SWI: A Semantic Web Interactive Gazetteer to support Linked Open Data.
Virtual Organization Clusters: Self-provisioned clouds on the grid.
The design and realisation of the my<sub>Experiment</sub> Virtual Research Environment for social sharing of workflows.
Flubber: Two-level disk scheduling in virtualized environment.
Optical components for digital optical circuits.
Tree-based group key agreement framework for mobile ad-hoc networks.
Heuristics based server consolidation with residual resource defragmentation in cloud data centers.
Concurrency control issues in Grid databases.
Bio-inspired solutions to parallel processing problems.
Fuzzy sets: Decision making, and expert systems : by H.J. Zimmermann (Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht, 1987) 335 pp., price: 57.50.
Symbiotic Organism Search optimization based task scheduling in cloud computing environment.
Incorporation of middleware and grid technologies to enhance usability in Computational Chemistry applications.
Gene transcript clustering: a comparison of parallel approaches.
Transparent VPN failure recovery with virtualization.
Programming environment for a transputer based computer.
A personalized hashtag recommendation approach using LDA-based topic model in microblog environment.
Self-managed cost-efficient virtual elastic clusters on hybrid Cloud infrastructures.
Analytical C<sup>2</sup> smooth blending surfaces.
From bioinformatic web portals to semantically integrated Data Grid networks.
Some experience in distributed programming using shortest path spanning trees.
Secure service composition with information flow control in service clouds.
A structured hierarchical P2P model based on a rigorous binary tree code algorithm.
Secure searching on cloud storage enhanced by homomorphic indexing.
Modeling the propagation of Peer-to-Peer worms.
Special section: Scalable information systems.
P2P contracts: a framework for resource and service exchange.
Energy efficiency in large-scale distributed systems.
Mind over machine: The power of human intuition and expertise in the era of the computer: Hubert L. Dreyfus and Stuart E. Dreyfus. Published by: New York, The Free Press, 1986.
Towards efficient data search and subsetting of large-scale atmospheric datasets.
Automated and flexible composition based on abstract services for a better adaptation to user intentions.
Performance data mining: Automated diagnosis, adaption, and optimization.
On the improvement of wireless mesh sensor network performance under hidden terminal problems.
Parallel computing for globally optimal decision making on cluster systems.
Overcoming the limitations of the traditional loop parallelization.
The Solid architecture for real-time management of big semantic data.
Simulating and visualizing the human arterial system on the TeraGrid.
Application and middleware transparent checkpointing with TCKPT on ClusterGrids.
Scheduling and flexible control of bandwidth and in-transit services for end-to-end application workflows.
Smart memory architecture and methods.
Loosely coupled workstations in a radiological image information system.
WonderSpace: web based humanoid animation.
Associative random access machines and data-parallel multiway binary-search join.
Cost-aware challenges for workflow scheduling approaches in cloud computing environments: Taxonomy and opportunities.
Modeling and scheduling hybrid workflows of tasks and task interaction graphs on the cloud.
A confidence-based filtering method for DDoS attack defense in cloud environment.
Scalable service discovery in ubiquitous and pervasive computing architectures: A percolation-driven approach.
A modular eigen subspace scheme for high-dimensional data classification.
Numerical simulation of bubble flows by the lattice Boltzmann method.
Using computer algebra systems in the development of scientific computer codes.
Clairvoyance: A framework to integrate shared displays and mobile computing devices.
Dynamic counter-measures for risk-based access control systems: An evolutive approach.
JavaBean-based simulation with operational procedure table (OPT).
The global error of Magnus methods based on the Cayley map for some oscillatory problems.
3D integrated circuit layout visualization using VRML.
Analysing energy-incentivized cooperation in next generation mobile networks using normative frameworks and an agent-based simulation.
Erratum to: "The Legion support for advanced parameter-space studies on a grid" [Future Generation Computer Systems 18 (2002) 1033-1052].
BRAVE - a parallel logic language for artificial intelligence.
Special section: Real-time attributes in grids.
ActiveSort: Efficient external sorting using active SSDs in the MapReduce framework.
Mining of high average-utility itemsets using novel list structure and pruning strategy.
Characterizing spot price dynamics in public cloud environments.
Performance metrics and ontologies for Grid workflows.
Computational experiments using distributed tools in a web-based electronic notebook environment.
Cooperative decision making in a knowledge grid environment.
Multi-valued collaborative QoS prediction for cloud service via time series analysis.
An accurate mathematical performance model of adaptive routing in the star graph.
Easing parallel programming for clusters with Java.
A differential approach to solve the inverse eigenvalue problem derived from a neural network.
Personal Varrier: Autostereoscopic virtual reality display for distributed scientific visualization.
HPCN applications in finance.
Floating point arithmetic teaching for computational science.
Performance analysis of adaptive modulation and coding combined with transmit diversity in next generation mobile communication systems.
Modeling and simulation for natural disaster contingency planning driven by high-resolution remote sensing images.
CineGrid, high quality media streaming and processing on advanced photonic networks.
Performance evaluation of scheduling schemes for NOW with heterogeneous computing power.
Geometric numerical algorithms.
Mining generalized association rules.
Scheduling para-virtualized virtual machines based on events.
Special section: Computer algebra systems and their applications, CASA'2003-06: Selected papers.
Reducing reverse-mode memory requirements by using profile-driven checkpointing.
A greedy strategy for detecting negative cost cycles in networks.
Business and Industry Specific Cloud: Challenges and opportunities.
Robust partial-load experiments with Showstopper.
Gossiping for resource discovering: An analysis based on complex network theory.
A high performance framework for modeling and simulation of large-scale complex systems.
Model and prototype for querying multiple linked scientific datasets.
Lattice BGK simulations of flow in a symmetric bifurcation.
Biological metaphors in the design of complex software systems.
Solving unsymmetric sparse systems of linear equations with PARDISO.
Efficient and privacy-preserving skyline computation framework across domains.
Zebra mussels' behaviour detection, extraction and classification using wavelets and kernel methods.
Parallel processing, the challenge of new computer architectures: Tim Johnson and Tony Durham.
System development for parallel cellular automata and its applications.
The evolution of telemedicine.
Parallel OLAP with the Sidera server.
Enhancing the core scientific metadata model to incorporate derived data.
Software developments for industrial research.
Webservices oriented data mining in knowledge architecture.
The ITIS'98 forums.
SDN-aware federation of distributed data.
Optimal precomputation for mapping service level agreements in grid computing.
A parallel nodal method of second order.
GridLab--a grid application toolkit and testbed.
New paradigms for information and services management in grid and pervasive computing.
Interfacing to distributed active data archives.
Current status of JUNET.
Cryptography in Cloud Computing.
Neural networks: Promise for the future?
Design and implementations of Ninf: towards a global computing infrastructure.
Multi-objective scheduling of many tasks in cloud platforms.
A survey of general-purpose experiment management tools for distributed systems.
Integration of Cloud computing and body sensor networks.
Exploiting Web service geographical neighborhood for collaborative QoS prediction.
Architecture-based design and optimization of genetic algorithms on multi- and many-core systems.
Grid-based dynamic service overlays.
Technological support for the enactment of collaborative scripted learning activities across multiple spatial locations.
Clustering techniques.
A brief overview of the current status of expert systems in Japan.
A two phased service oriented Broker for replica selection in data grids.
RT-MOVICAB-IDS: Addressing real-time intrusion detection.
Graphics supercomputer benchmark : Basic performance of two graphics supercomputers: Stellar GS1000 and Ardent Titan-2.
Execution system for distributed business processes in a virtual enterprise.
A unified framework for the deployment, exposure and access of HPC applications as services in clouds.
Non-overlapping preconditioners for a parallel implicit Navier-Stokes solver.
Two new fast heuristics for mapping parallel applications on cloud computing.
A virtual environment for steered molecular dynamics.
An energy-efficient task scheduling for mobile devices based on cloud assistant.
iDoctor: Personalized and professionalized medical recommendations based on hybrid matrix factorization.
Distributed and parallel systems.
Rescheduling for reliable job completion with the support of clouds.
A new approach for load balancing in high-performance decision support systems.
Convenient use of legacy software in Java with Janet package.
Experiments with equivalent differentiated services in a grid context.
Grid high performance networking in the DataGRID project.
GridICE: a monitoring service for Grid systems.
Cloud E-learning for Mechatronics: CLEM.
Alternative approaches to multicast group management in large-scale distributed interactive simulation systems.
Special Issue on Ubiquitous Computing and Future Communication Systems.
A Bioinfomatics Grid Alignment Toolkit.
Secure and energy-efficient data aggregation with malicious aggregator identification in wireless sensor networks.
Scalable control plane for intra-domain communication in software defined information centric networking.
Implementation of a parallel Genetic Algorithm on a cluster of workstations: Traveling Salesman Problem, a case study.
Modeling and optimizing large-scale data flows.
A novel attack to spatial cloaking schemes in location-based services.
An evaluation of the benefits of fine-grained value-based scheduling on general purpose clusters.
Optimal workload allocation model for scheduling divisible data grid applications.
Parallel magnetohydrodynamics on the Cray T3D.
DIPAS: A distributed performance analysis service for grid service-based workflows.
A duality theorem for two connectivity-preserving parallel shrinking transformations.
A weighted-fair-queuing (WFQ)-based dynamic request scheduling approach in a multi-core system.
Fault-tolerant routing in hypercubes using partial path set-up.
A component-oriented software authoring system for exploratory visualization.
A novel non-functional matchmaking approach between fuzzy user queries and real world web services based on rough sets.
Design of plug-in schedulers for a GridRPC environment.
VSA: An offline scheduling analyzer for Xen virtual machine monitor.
Intelligent services for Big Data science.
An ActOn-based semantic information service for Grids.
A high performance grid-web service framework for the identification of 'conserved sequence tags'.
Performance prediction and its use in parallel and distributed computing systems.
A Data Quality in Use model for Big Data.
Interactive videostreaming visualization on grids.
DNA computing: implementation of data flow logical operations.
The mediator authorization-security model for heterogeneous semantic knowledge bases.
Security, energy, and performance-aware resource allocation mechanisms for computational grids.
A structured marketplace for arbitrary services.
Designing web-based simulation for learning.
Future trends in distributed applications and problem-solving environments.
Using algebraic signatures to check data possession in cloud storage.
The role of high performance computing in medicine and public health.
An enhanced load balancing mechanism based on deadline control on GridSim.
Induced flocculation of casein micelles: A Brownian Dynamics simulation on the Parsytec GCel MPP.
MidHDC: Advanced Topics on Middleware Services for Heterogeneous Distributed Computing. Part 1.
Tibidabo: Making the case for an ARM-based HPC system.
Sensitivity of parallel applications to large differences in bandwidth and latency in two-layer interconnects.
Application of Grid-enabled technologies for solving optimization problems in data-driven reservoir studies.
Exploring practical limitations of TCP over transatlantic networks.
Special Issue on Advances in Computer Supported Collaboration: Systems and Technologies.
Bandwidth reduction for remote navigation systems through view prediction and progressive transmission.
Application of HPC to a portfolio choice problem.
QoS enhancements for global replication management in peer to peer networks.
A service framework for energy-aware monitoring and VM management in Clouds.
Analytical communication networks model for enterprise Grid computing.
Service composition based on multi-agent in the cooperative game.
Exploiting mean field analysis to model performances of big data architectures.
Link weight assignment and loop-free routing table update for link state routing protocols in energy-aware internet.
An introduction to oracles for asynchronous distributed systems.
DHT-based lightweight broadcast algorithms in large-scale computing infrastructures.
Support vector machine classification for large datasets using decision tree and Fisher linear discriminant.
On advance reservation of heterogeneous network paths.
Continuation of eigendecomposition.
Adaptive parallel application resource remapping through the live migration of virtual machines.
Computation of optical modes in axisymmetric open cavity resonators.
An abstract machine model of dynamic module replacement.
The Cubemat: A parallel interconnection model consisting of hypercube and global bus connections.
A novel virtual node approach for interactive visual analytics of big datasets in parallel coordinates.
On usage control for GRID systems.
Improving reliability and performances in large scale distributed applications with erasure codes and replication.
Taxonomies of workflow scheduling problem and techniques in the cloud.
Software assistance for data caches.
HARNESS: a next generation distributed virtual machine.
Enabling Grid technologies for Planck space mission.
A secure and available electronic voting service for a large-scale distributed system.
Microelectronics trends.
Annealing-based heuristics and genetic algorithms for circuit partitioning in parallel test generation.
Integration of Cloud computing and Internet of Things: A survey.
Implementation and utilisation of a Grid-enabled problem solving environment in Matlab.
Partitioning composite web services for decentralized execution using a genetic algorithm.
DYMOS (Dynamic MOnitoring System): Monitoring and real time fault diagnosis system for a ship's propelling plant.
Automatic software deployment using user-level virtualization for cloud-computing.
A sequential cooperative game theoretic approach to scheduling multiple large-scale applications in grids.
Efficiency of standard software architectures for Java-based access to remote databases.
Enhancing the genetic-based scheduling in computational grids by a structured hierarchical population.
Creating a semantically-enhanced cloud services environment through ontology evolution.
Quality of service provisioning for distributed data center inter-connectivity enabled by network virtualization.
Clause representations in a compiler-based prolog database.
Communication-efficient parallel generic pairwise elimination.
Multilevel mesh partitioning for heterogeneous communication networks.
Using ontologies for resource description in the CineGrid Exchange.
Special Section: Grid and pervasive computing (selected papers from 2010 International Conference on Grid and Pervasive Computing).
Special issue on Semantic Technologies for Collaborative Web.
Optimizing convolution operations on GPUs using adaptive tiling.
Identity-based data storage in cloud computing.
Composable architecture for rack scale big data computing.
High-speed networks and services for data-intensive Grids: The DataTAG Project.
Capacity and load-aware service discovery with service selection in peer-to-peer grids.
Efficient extension of gLite VOs with BOINC based desktop grids.
Parallel simulation of ion recombination in nonpolar liquids.
SYMPATIX: A SIMD computer performing the low and intermediate levels of image processing.
Special section on networks for grid applications.
CORBA security on the web - an overview.
Parallel inference machines at ICOT.
External integrity verification for outsourced big data in cloud and IoT: A big picture.
An integrated security-aware job scheduling strategy for large-scale computational grids.
The impact of data replication on job scheduling performance in the Data Grid.
A formal definition of the phenomenon of collective intelligence and its IQ measure.
A new remote user authentication scheme for multi-server architecture.
NetSEC: metrology-based application for network security.
Manifold.
Methods of sensitivity theory and inverse modeling for estimation of source parameters.
User transparent data and task parallel multimedia computing with Pyxis-DT.
MARS - A framework for minimizing the job execution time in a metacomputing environment.
Flow logic for Dolev-Yao secrecy in cryptographic processes.
Parallel computing in quantum chemistry - Message passing and beyond for a general ab initio program system.
Parallel processing: the power and the portability. Experiments with 'reusable toolkits'.
Using hybrid scheduling for the semi-autonomous formation of expert teams.
Affective experience modeling based on interactive synergetic dependence in big data.
A 21st century web-based telemedical information society.
Parallelization of local BLAST service on workstation clusters.
Grid infrastructures: practice and perspectives.
Cooperative stalking of transient nomadic resources on overlay networks.
A multi-start local search heuristic for an energy efficient VMs assignment on top of the OpenNebula cloud manager.
An XML architecture for high-performance web-based analysis of remote-sensing archives.
METAFOL: Program tactics and logic tactics plus reflection.
Cloud MapReduce for Monte Carlo bootstrap applied to Metabolic Flux Analysis.
Auction-based adaptive sensor activation algorithm for target tracking in wireless sensor networks.
Poisonedwater: An improved approach for accurate reputation ranking in P2P networks.
The earth system.
Batch scheduling of consolidated virtual machines based on their workload interference model.
Message-based cellular peer-to-peer grids: foundations for secure federation and autonomic services.
A performance comparative study on the implementation methods for OFDMA cross-layer optimization.
Vectorization and parallelization of a multi-block Navier-Stokes flow solver on different computer architectures.
JetStream: Enabling high throughput live event streaming on multi-site clouds.
Special section: Systems performance analysis and evaluation.
Locally constrained synthetic LoDs generation for natural terrain meshes.
Large scale computational science on federated international grids: The role of switched optical networks.
Integrated resource management for lambda-grids: The Distributed Virtual Computer (DVC).
A model-driven approach for developing a model repository: Methodology and tool support.
A universal performance factor for multi-criteria evaluation of multistage interconnection networks.
Detection and defense of application-layer DDoS attacks in backbone web traffic.
An effective data aggregation based adaptive long term CPU load prediction mechanism on computational grid.
Generating high-quality random numbers in parallel by cellular automata.
Visualization within environments supporting human communication.
PPFSCADA: Privacy preserving framework for SCADA data publishing.
Efficient execution of speculative threads and transactions with hardware transactional memory.
Decentralized execution of linear workflows over web services.
A graph-based approach for interference free integration of commercial off-the-shelf elements in pervasive computing systems.
On robust matrix completion with prescribed eigenvalues.
The Cambridge CFD grid for large-scale distributed CFD applications.
To the Readers.
A framework for ranking of cloud computing services.
Competitive proportional resource allocation policy for computational grid.
A statistical perspective on data mining.
A problem solving environment for multidisciplinary coupled simulations in computational grids.
Towards first-principles theories of materials and biological systems - The need for massive parallelism.
Parallel computing technologies.
High Performance Digital Media Network (HPDMnet): An advanced international research initiative and global experimental testbed.
Inference of recommendation information on the internet using improved FAM.
The instruction register file micro-architecture.
A control-theoretic approach to automated local policy enforcement in computational grids.
A configuration approach to parallel programming.
Why evolutionary development of expert systems appears to work.
A gradient-based reinforcement learning approach to dynamic pricing in partially-observable environments.
On the security of auditing mechanisms for secure cloud storage.
Libraries to support distribution and processing of visualization data sets.
From Business Intelligence to semantic data stream management.
AppTCP: The design and evaluation of application-based TCP for e-VLBI in fast long distance networks.
A compiling approach for exploiting AND-parallelism in logic programs.
Special section on invited papers from NetCoM-2009.
Ontology-based content organization and retrieval for SCORM-compliant teaching materials in data grids.
Corrigendum to "The business intelligence as a service in the cloud" [Future Gener. Comput. Systems 37C (2014) 512-534].
Geometrical and topological approaches to Big Data.
Active Data: A programming model to manage data life cycle across heterogeneous systems and infrastructures.
A simplified simulation model and virtual reality visualization of tumour growth in vitro.
Scalability, portability and predictability: The BSP approach to parallel programming.
Visualization of dynamical systems.
Neural networks for event extraction from time series: a back propagation algorithm approach.
Parallel Ant Colonies for the quadratic assignment problem.
Iteration space partitioning.
Informal learning recognition through a cloud ecosystem.
OpenMP versus MPI for PDE solvers based on regular sparse numerical operators.
VDB-MR: MapReduce-based distributed data integration using virtual database.
Advance reservation, co-allocation and pricing of network and computational resources in grids.
Advances in ubiquitous computing and communications.
An automatic differentiation platform: Odyss&eacute;e .
Virtual reality for large-scale industrial applications.
Processing moldable tasks on the grid: Late job binding with lightweight user-level overlay.
Adapting Java RMI for grid computing.
Efficient resource management for running multiple concurrent jobs in a computational grid environment.
On a solvability of contact problems with visco-plastic friction in the thermo-visco-plastic Bingham rheology.
Trends in computer-integrated manufacturing.
HPCN96: General applications, computational and computer science.
A hybrid integrated architecture for energy consumption prediction.
APHID: An architecture for private, high-performance integrated data mining.
Distributed Point Objects: A new concept for parallel finite elements applied to a geomechanical problem.
P2P computing and interaction with grids.
Special section: Grid-like distributed computing in amorphous networks.
Modeling BitTorrent choking algorithm using game theory.
A secure and efficient Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Signcryption for Personal Health Records sharing in cloud computing.
Parallel architecture and language in Europe.
Peer-to-Peer resource discovery in Grids: Models and systems.
TeraScope: distributed visual data mining of terascale data sets over photonic networks.
A high performance distributed database system for enhanced Internet services.
Scalability aspects of parallel multigrid.
Parallel simulation of flows in open channels.
Two techniques for improving performance on bus-based multiprocessors.
Problem-solving environments for parallel computers.
An analytical model for the performance evaluation of multistage interconnection networks with two class priorities.
Energy trade-offs analysis using equal-energy maps.
Unifying intrusion detection and forensic analysis via provenance awareness.
Smart Spaces for Adaptive Information Integration in Bioinformatics.
FAIL-FCI: Versatile fault injection.
PCRLB-based sensor selection for maneuvering target tracking in range-based sensor networks.
How smart cards can benefit from object-oriented technologies.
High data rate transmission in high resolution radio astronomy - vlbiGRID.
Geocomputation.
LBBSRT: An efficient SDN load balancing scheme based on server response time.
Special Section: Defining the grid, experiences and future trends.
Migration control for mobile agents based on passport and visa.
Special section on high-performance networking for distributed data-intensive science.
Secure linking of customers, merchants and banks in electronic commerce.
SLA enabled CARE resource broker.
A highly flexible virtual reality system.
Service monitoring and differentiation techniques for resource allocation in the grid, on the basis of the level of service.
Hybrid Computing - Where HPC meets grid and Cloud Computing.
GMonE: A complete approach to cloud monitoring.
Mobility-aware cost-efficient job scheduling for single-class grid jobs in a generic mobile grid architecture.
Random local region descriptor (RLRD): A new method for fixed-length feature representation of fingerprint image and its application to template protection.
A novel service-oriented intelligent seamless migration algorithm and application for pervasive computing environments.
Upgrading the service capacity of video-on-demand servers with memory buffer.
An agent architecture for managing data resources in a grid environment.
Deadline-driven provisioning of resources for scientific applications in hybrid clouds with Aneka.
Directed Point: a communication subsystem for commodity supercomputing with Gigabit Ethernet.
Efficient code dissemination in wireless sensor networks.
Special Section: DAPSYS, workshop on distributed and parallel systems.
A worldwide flock of Condors: Load sharing among workstation clusters.
Topological-order based dynamic polling scheme using biconnected component computation.
Automobile troubleshooting expert system "ATREX".
Preface.
A national computing initiative: a summary.
Benchmarking MapReduce implementations under different application scenarios.
Lease-based consistency schemes in the web environment.
Secure privacy vault design for distributed multimedia surveillance system.
Normalized workflow net (NWF-net): Its definition and properties.
Models and data engineering.
A simple model generation system for computer graphics.
iGrid2002 demonstration: bandwidth from the low lands.
Fast file dissemination in peer-to-peer networks with upstream bandwidth constraint.
Reasoning about minimal anonymity in security protocols.
A green energy-efficient scheduling algorithm using the DVFS technique for cloud datacenters.
MAPFS-DAI, an extension of OGSA-DAI based on a parallel file system.
Fast computation of the performance evaluation of biometric systems: Application to multibiometrics.
Parallel application design: The simulation approach with HASTE.
Fast authentication in wireless sensor networks.
Picos: A hardware runtime architecture support for OmpSs.
Steering and visualization: Enabling technologies for computational science.
Distributed multimedia systems.
HOPE: A Hybrid Optimistic checkpointing and selective Pessimistic mEssage logging protocol for large scale distributed systems.
CloudFlow: A data-aware programming model for cloud workflow applications on modern HPC systems.
A comparative study of five parallel programming languages.
Scalability comparison of Peer-to-Peer similarity search structures.
Query performance evaluation of an architecture for fine-grained integration of heterogeneous grid data sources.
Paragon specifications: Structure, analysis and implementation.
Managing and sharing collaborative files through WWW.
Towards an optimized abstracted topology design in cloud environment.
The design of a distributed MATLAB-based environment for computing pseudospectra.
Cellular Automata: Promise and Prospects in Computational Science.
Towards adaptive synchronization measurement of large-scale non-stationary non-linear data.
Expanded cloud plumes hiding Big Data ecosystem.
Study of neural net training methods in parallel and distributed architectures.
Power-efficient assignment of virtual machines to physical machines.
Privacy-preserving data utilization in hybrid clouds.
Workflow composer and service registry for grid applications.
Improving the predictability of distributed stream processors.
High-performance computer management based on Java.
A content-based load balancing algorithm with admission control for cluster web servers.
Timed protocol insecurity problem is NP-complete.
A cost-effective approach to improving performance of big genomic data analyses in clouds.
Trusted third party services for health care in Europe.
A parallel evolutionary algorithm for the vehicle routing problem with heterogeneous fleet.
A quality of service (QoS)-aware execution plan selection approach for a service composition process.
Workflow performance improvement using model-based scheduling over multiple clusters and clouds.
Active security management based on Secure Zone Cooperation.
High frequency batch-oriented computations over large sliding time windows.
First-principles calculations on materials using massively parallel computing.
Analysis of business process integration in Web service context.
Efficient parallel automata construction for hybrid resource-impelled data-matching.
Grid resource discovery based on semantically linked virtual organizations.
Computational Grids in action: the National Fusion Collaboratory.
An algorithm for efficient privacy-preserving item-based collaborative filtering.
PYR: a Cellular Automata model for pyroclastic flows and application to the 1991 Mt. Pinatubo eruption.
Authentication of lossy data in body-sensor networks for cloud-based healthcare monitoring.
ePASS: An expressive attribute-based signature scheme with privacy and an unforgeability guarantee for the Internet of Things.
Elastic registration of brain images on large PC-Clusters.
Optimizing execution time predictions of scientific workflow applications in the Grid through evolutionary programming.
A distributed energy-efficient clustering algorithm with improved coverage in wireless sensor networks.
Efficiently discovering critical workflows in scientific explorations.
A study on performance of dynamic file replication algorithms for real-time file access in Data Grids.
Grid resource brokering algorithms enabling advance reservations and resource selection based on performance predictions.
A design for cloud-assisted Fair-Play Management System of online contests with provable security.
PARDISO: a high-performance serial and parallel sparse linear solver in semiconductor device simulation.
PODOS -- The design and implementation of a performance oriented Linux cluster.
Scalable community-driven data sharing in e-science grids.
Comparing distributed memory and virtual shared memory parallel programming models.
Special section: Data analysis, access and management on grids.
Exploiting parallelism in computational science.
Self-healing of workflow activity incidents on distributed computing infrastructures.
Dynamic, behavioral-based estimation of resource provisioning based on high-level application terms in Cloud platforms.
Architecture independent parallel algorithm design: theory vs practice.
A data placement strategy in scientific cloud workflows.
MJSA: Markov job scheduler based on availability in desktop grid computing environment.
Architecture design of a user-orientated electronic laboratory notebook: A case study within an atmospheric chemistry community.
Abstract machine design on a multithreaded architecture.
FGCS special issue on smart cards.
EURO-VR Mini-conference '97: Virtual reality in industry and research.
Clustering of trending topics in microblogging posts: A graph-based approach.
A technical analysis expert system in the stock market.
Trade-off between interoperability and data collection performance when designing an architecture for learning analytics.
Knowledge-based systems and artificial intelligence: emerging technology.
Cloud computing and emerging IT platforms: Vision, hype, and reality for delivering computing as the 5th utility.
Electronic mail in a distributed heterogeneous system.
Utilizing memory content similarity for improving the performance of highly available virtual machines.
Runtime power usage estimation of HPC servers for various classes of real-life applications.
Optimization of Lie group methods for differential equations.
ARS: an adaptive runtime system for locality optimization.
An integrated personalization framework for SaaS-based cloud services.
Towards a virtual research environment for language and literature researchers.
ADAMAS: Interweaving unicode and color to enhance CAPTCHA security.
An optimized broadcasting technique for WK-recursive topologies.
Semantic-based Structural and Content indexing for the efficient retrieval of queries over large XML data repositories.
Wiki-Health: From Quantified Self to Self-Understanding.
Parallel irregular software for wave propagation simulation.
Network health and e-Science in commercial clouds.
Delivering cloud services with QoS requirements: Business opportunities, architectural solutions and energy-saving aspects.
On the performance of high dimensional data clustering and classification algorithms.
Automating metadata Web service deployment for problem solving environments.
Neurocomputing - neurons as microcomputers.
Current research status and future direction of the fifth generation computer project.
Multi-point 4K/2K layered video streaming for remote collaboration.
Workflow-and-Platform Aware task clustering for scientific workflow execution in Cloud environment.
Towards a unified taxonomy and architecture of cloud frameworks.
A concept for attribute-based authorization on D-Grid resources.
Novel runtime systems support for adaptive compositional modeling in PSEs.
QoS content management for P2P file-sharing applications.
Special section: Cluster and computational grids for scientific computing.
Numerical simulation of 3-D shock wave-turbulent boundary layer interactions.
Design science research contribution to business intelligence in the cloud - A systematic literature review.
Decentralized orchestration of data-centric workflows in Cloud environments.
Novel mediator architectures for Grid information systems.
Biometrics on smart cards: An approach to keyboard behavioral signature.
Computing on large-scale distributed systems: XtremWeb architecture, programming models, security, tests and convergence with grid.
BioSimGrid: Grid-enabled biomolecular simulation data storage and analysis.
Lip print recognition for security systems by multi-resolution architecture.
Distributed, on-demand, data-intensive and collaborative simulation analysis.
Issues in practical model-based diagnosis.
Investigation of the importance of the genotype-phenotype mapping in information retrieval.
Density-based spatial keyword querying.
Sabotage-tolerance and trust management in desktop grid computing.
A time-recordable cross-layer communication protocol for the positioning of Vehicular Cyber-Physical Systems.
Evolving neural network using real coded genetic algorithm (GA) for multispectral image classification.
Job-resource matchmaking on Grid through two-level benchmarking.
Assessing the replaceability of service protocols in mediated service interactions.
Automatic component protocol adaptation with the CoConut/J tool suite.
DRAxML at home: a distributed program for computation of large phylogenetic trees.
A higher order estimate of the optimum checkpoint interval for restart dumps.
Combining explicit admission control and congestion control for predictable data transfers in grids.
Systems for KDD: From concepts to practice.
Compilation versus abstract machines for fast parsing of typed feature structure grammars.
CEPSim: Modelling and simulation of Complex Event Processing systems in cloud environments.
Garbled computation in cloud.
Graph based characterization of distributed applications.
A review of Multi-Agent Systems techniques, with application to Columbus User Support Organisation.
High volumes of event stream indexing and efficient multi-keyword searching for cloud monitoring.
A new-generation parallel computer and its performance evaluation.
Simulation of traffic in large road networks.
An innovative workflow mapping mechanism for Grids in the frame of Quality of Service.
Evaluation of ICOT's natural language research.
Principles and experimentations of self-organizing embedded agents allowing learning from demonstration in ambient robotics.
Self-organizing networks.
A physically based model to simulate maxillo-facial surgery from 3D CT images.
Managing risks in an open computing environment using mean absolute deviation portfolio optimization.
Compressible memory data structures for event-based trace analysis.
Capacity-driven utility model for service level agreement negotiation of cloud services.
Grid broker selection strategies using aggregated resource information.
Spam filtering framework for multimodal mobile communication based on dendritic cell algorithm.
High level communication mechanisms for distributed parallel computers from an adaptive message routing.
CyberLiveApp: A secure sharing and migration approach for live virtual desktop applications in a cloud environment.
Access control management for ubiquitous computing.
Storing, reasoning, and querying OPM-compliant scientific workflow provenance using relational databases.
Computational science.
Performance implications of multi-tier application deployments on Infrastructure-as-a-Service clouds: Towards performance modeling.
Placing pipeline stages on a Grid: Single path and multipath pipeline execution.
Scheduling overcommitted VM: Behavior monitoring and dynamic switching-frequency scaling.
Towards efficient data distribution on computational desktop grids with BitTorrent.
Characterizing and profiling scientific workflows.
An autonomic approach to manage elasticity of business processes in the Cloud.
Economics of computing services.
Task scheduling modelling and reliability evaluation of grid services using coloured Petri nets.
Future applications and middleware, and their impact on theinfrastructure.
A dynamic, cost-aware, optimized data replication strategy for heterogeneous cloud data centers.
Introduction.
Performance assessment of parallel spectral analysis: towards a practical performance model for parallel medical applications.
Exploratory analysis of textual data streams.
A hybrid solution for privacy preserving medical data sharing in the cloud environment.
Experiments with coarse-grain parallel graph reduction.
A framework model for grid security.
Optimizing execution of component-based applications using group instances.
Special section: "Interaction and visualisation techniques for problem solving environments".
Heuristic search in PARLOG using replicated worker style parallelism.
Cyber physical systems technologies and applications.
Atomicity and provenance support for pipelined scientific workflows.
Network-aware meta-scheduling in advance with autonomous self-tuning system.
Immersive and 3D viewers for CUMULVS: VTK/CAVE[tm] and AVS/Express.
'Split personalities' for scientific databases: targeting database middleware and interfaces to specific audiences.
Scheduling efficiency of resource information aggregation in grid networks.
The development of an arthroscopic surgical simulator with haptic feedback.
Iterative momentum relaxation for fast lattice-Boltzmann simulations.
Mining performance data for metascheduling decision support in the Grid.
An on-line replication strategy to increase availability in Data Grids.
Guided curation of semistructured data in collaboratively-built knowledge bases.
Programming massively parallel architectures with sequential object oriented languages.
Peer-to-Peer and fault-tolerance: Towards deployment-based technical services.
Parallelizing the extraction of fresh information from online social networks.
Fullerenes as polyradicals.
Special section: Security, trust and privacy in Grid systems.
Geospatial information infrastructures to address spatial needs in health: Collaboration, challenges and opportunities.
The Swedish National Graduate School in Scientific Computing (NGSSC).
Transaction models for federative distributed database systems.
Experiments in mimd parallelism.
A knowledge-based framework in an intelligent assistant system for making documents.
A performance comparison of container-based technologies for the Cloud.
Online cost-efficient scheduling of deadline-constrained workloads on hybrid clouds.
From volunteer to trustable computing: Providing QoS-aware scheduling mechanisms for multi-grid computing environments.
Parallel object-oriented descriptions of graph reduction machines.
Temporal representation for mining scientific data provenance.
Deploying fault tolerance and taks migration with NetSolve.
Web-centred end-user component modelling.
Modeling and simulation in supercomputing and telecommunications.
Data flow computing and parallel reduction machine.
Provenance management in Swift.
Phase transitions in two-dimensional daisyworld with small-world effects - A study of local and long-range couplings.
Towards performance evaluation of high-performance computing on multiple Java platforms.
Cloud-Based Multimedia Services for healthcare and other related applications.
On the impact of process replication on executions of large-scale parallel applications with coordinated checkpointing.
A scalable and dynamic application-level secure communication framework for inter-cloud services.
A data cache for Prolog architectures.
Performance analysis of deterministically-routed bi-directional torus with non-uniform traffic distribution.
Partitioning finite element meshes using space-filling curves.
Bio-STEER: A Semantic Web workflow tool for Grid computing in the life sciences.
Static scheduling of multiple workflows with soft deadlines in non-dedicated heterogeneous environments.
An approach for an efficient execution of SPMD applications on Multi-core environments.
The OR-forest-based parallel execution model of logic programs.
A molecular quasi-random model of computations applied to evaluate collective intelligence.
A variable neighborhood search for job shop scheduling with set-up times to minimize makespan.
CRFID: An RFID system with a cloud database as a back-end server.
Variable-sized map and locality-aware reduce on public-resource grids.
Implementation of a multifunctional logic gate based on folding/unfolding transitions of a protein.
Sharing objects in a distributed, single address space environment.
A resource-aware framework for resource-constrained service-oriented systems.
Message scheduling for array re-decomposition on distributed memory systems.
On exploiting social relationship and personal background for content discovery in P2P networks.
Mining temporal explicit and implicit semantic relations between entities using web search engines.
Predict task running time in grid environments based on CPU load predictions.
Distance browsing in distributed multimedia databases.
Wavelet-based compression of medical images: Protocols to improve resolution and quality scalability and region-of-interest coding.
Constructing trusted virtual execution environment in P2P grids.
On the asymptotically stochastic computational modeling of microstructures.
Preface.
A coordinator for scaling elastic applications across multiple clouds.
A pairing-free certificate-based proxy re-encryption scheme for secure data sharing in public clouds.
Integrative Biology - the challenges of developing a collaborative research environment for heart and cancer modelling.
A general transformation from KP-ABE to searchable encryption.
Science and industry in HPCN.
Systems Biology and grid technologies: Challenges for understanding complex cell signaling networks.
The StarCAVE, a third-generation CAVE and virtual reality OptIPortal.
Scheduling independent tasks on heterogeneous processors using heuristics and Column Pricing.
Knowledge technology through functional layered intelligence.
Clouds and service-oriented architectures.
High-performance computer architecture.
Assessing and forecasting energy efficiency on Cloud computing platforms.
Combining analytical modeling, realistic simulation and real experimentation for the optimization of Monte-Carlo applications on the European Grid Infrastructure.
Developing a distributed scalable Java component server.
Technology transfer within the ProHPC TTN at ENS Lyon.
Evaluation of hierarchical desktop grid scheduling algorithms.
Performance evaluation of an application-level checkpointing solution on grids.
Auditable versioned data storage outsourcing.
Gang scheduling in multi-core clusters implementing migrations.
VLAM-G: a grid-based virtual laboratory.
The first functional demonstration of optical virtual concatenation as a technique for achieving Terabit networking.
Stability analysis of frequency and step length dependent Runge-Kutta-Nystr&ouml;m methods.
Asynchronous migration of execution context in Java Virtual Machines.
Typing the ISA to cluster the processor.
Modeling and simulation of mobile agents.
Parallel SSOR preconditioning implemented on dynamic SMP clusters with communication on the fly.
Morpho: A decoupled MapReduce framework for elastic cloud computing.
Managing service level agreement contracts in OGSA-based Grids.
Performance analysis of HPC applications in the cloud.
GPU enhanced parallel computing for large scale data clustering.
IMMSIM, a flexible model for in machina experiments on immune system responses.
A detailed MPI communication model for distributed systems.
Workflow-based Grid applications.
Efficient multi-keyword ranked query over encrypted data in cloud computing.
On a data-driven environment for multiphysics applications.
Unfolding social content evolution along time and semantics.
Grid-based deployment and performance measurement of the Weather Research &amp; Forecasting model.
Special issue on behavior data security issues in network information propagation.
Energy efficiency of sequence alignment tools - Software and hardware perspectives.
QCG-OMPI: MPI applications on grids.
Dynamic paths in multi-domain optical networks for grids.
Experimental studies using photonic data services at IGrid 2002.
Collaborative distributed network system: a lightweight middleware supporting collaborative DEVS modeling.
Server consolidation with migration control for virtualized data centers.
A case study of large-scale parallel I/O analysis and optimization for numerical weather prediction system.
Adaptively weighted sub-directional two-dimensional linear discriminant analysis for face recognition.
Optimizing LZSS compression on GPGPUs.
A highly reliable and parallelizable data distribution scheme for data grids.
Scalable and efficient data distribution for distributed computing of all-to-all comparison problems.
Binary sieves: Toward a semantic approach to user segmentation for behavioral targeting.
Editorial.
Computational science of lattice Boltzmann modelling.
Low computational cost integrity for block ciphers.
Large-scale climate simulations harnessing clusters, grid and cloud infrastructures.
Computational models for multi-scale coupled dynamic problems.
Maximizing stochastic robustness of static resource allocations in a periodic sensor driven cluster.
Combining ontological and temporal formalisms for composite activity modelling and recognition in smart homes.
The Globus project: a status report.
Large scale agent-based simulation on the grid.
Performance feature identification by comparative trace analysis.
A model for the parallel execution of subset-equational languages.
A parallel logic system on a multicomputer architecture.
Multi-device task offloading with time-constraints for energy efficiency in mobile cloud computing.
A semantic approach to discovering learning services in grid-based collaborative systems.
The management of cloud systems.
CARE Resource Broker: A framework for scheduling and supporting virtual resource management.
Open interface for autonomic management of virtualized resources in complex systems - construction methodology.
Rethink the storage of virtual machine images in clouds.
Dynamic steering of HPC scientific workflows: A survey.
Cluster-group based trusted computing for mobile social networks using implicit social behavioral graph.
Finite element approximation to infinite Prandtl number Boussinesq equations with temperature-dependent coefficients - Thermal convection problems in a spherical shell.
Contextual service discovery using term expansion and binding coverage analysis.
Trends in parallel and distributed computing.
The evolution of information technologies in the 90s and its impact on applications.
Error detection in large-scale parallel programs with long runtimes.
Workflow management for soft real-time interactive applications in virtualized environments.
An energy-saving routing architecture with a uniform clustering algorithm for wireless body sensor networks.
Deadline prediction scheduling based on benefits.
Boosting the performance of the linear algebra part in an ODE solver for shared memory systems.
Relaxation of ACID properties in AuTrA, The adaptive user-defined transaction relaxing approach.
Recent developments in high performance computing and security: An editorial.
Wrapping MPI-based legacy codes as Java/CORBA components.
SDMS-O: A service deployment management system for optimization in clouds while guaranteeing users' QoS requirements.
A geographically distributed enterprise simulation system.
GrAL--the grid algorithms library.
An approach to intrusion tolerance for mission-critical services using adaptability and diverse replication.
A tensor-based distributed discovery of missing association rules on the cloud.
You can't touch this: Consumer-centric android application repackaging detection.
A probabilistic task scheduling method for grid environments.
Grid-enabled Spatial Data Infrastructure for environmental sciences: Challenges and opportunities.
Landmark selection for spectral clustering based on Weighted PageRank.
Special section: Selected papers from the 7th IEEE/ACM international conference on grid computing (Grid2006).
AVISPA: visualizing the performance prediction of parallel iterative solvers.
The Astrophysics Simulation Collaboratory Portal: a framework for effective distributed research.
Virtual particles and search for global minimum.
VM consolidation: A real case based on OpenStack Cloud.
The rationale of the current optical networking initiatives.
Morphological approach for autonomous and adaptive systems based on self-reconfigurable modular agents.
Towards a volunteer cloud system.
Integrating load balancing and locality in the parallelization of irregular problems.
ANEJOS: a Java based simulator for ad hoc networks.
eScience today and tomorrow.
Heuristic scheduling for bag-of-tasks applications in combination with QoS in the computational grid.
Energy-efficient scheduling of real-time tasks with shared resources.
An overview and appraisal of the Fifth Generation Computer System project.
Intelligent storage devices for scalable information management systems.
Special section: Management and optimisation of P2P and Grid systems with network economics.
Self-healing network for scalable fault-tolerant runtime environments.
Parallelising a financial system.
A component-based architecture for parallel multi-physics PDE simulation.
PARDIS: Programmer-level abstractions for metacomputing.
Modelling and implementing asynchronous timed multimedia frameworks using coordination principles.
Feedback-based optimization of a private cloud.
Building a 100 Mpixel graphics device for the OptIPuter.
Parallel programming in computational science: an introductory practical training course for computer science undergraduates at Aachen University.
CyberGuarder: A virtualization security assurance architecture for green cloud computing.
The Dutch parallel reduction machine project.
Handling side-effects and cuts with selective recomputation in parallel Prolog.
A computational model for ranking cloud service providers using hypergraph based techniques.
Experiences with GeneRecon on MiG.
Iterative route planning for large-scale modular transportation simulations.
Interactive, knowledge-guided visualization of 3D medical imagery.
Exploiting OR-parallelism in logic programs: A review.
Biometric encryption based on a fuzzy vault scheme with a fast chaff generation algorithm.
Problems with expert systems?
Virtual machine provisioning through satellite communications in federated Cloud environments.
Honeypot trace forensics: The observation viewpoint matters.
Fast rectifying airborne infrared scanning image based on GPS and INS.
Special section: Tools for program development and analysis in computational science.
On incorporating differentiated levels of network service into GridSim.
A fuzzy collaborative assessment approach for Knowledge Grid.
Structure design and test of enterprise security management system with advanced internal security.
PHFS: A dynamic replication method, to decrease access latency in the multi-tier data grid.
Generalizing the data management of three community grids.
A study of constant bit-rate data transfer over TCP/IP.
The virtual temporal bone, a tele-immersive educational environment.
Visualization of 3D fields and medical data and using VRML.
Symbolic analysis techniques for program parallelization.
An optimized two-tier P2P architecture for contextualized keyword searches.
Designing a parallel cloud based comparative genomics workflow to improve phylogenetic analyses.
From virtualized resources to virtual computing grids: the In-VIGO system.
Evolution-based scheduling of multiple variant and multiple processor programs.
An Embedded Co-AdaBoost based construction of software document relation coupled resource spaces for cyber-physical society.
Cost model based service placement in federated hybrid clouds.
High throughput computing over peer-to-peer networks.
User adaptive QoS aware selection method for cooperative heterogeneous wireless systems: A dynamic contextual approach.
Extended resource space model.
Active storage networks: Using embedded computation in the network switch for cluster data processing.
Replicating the geographical cloud: Provisioning omnipresence, omniscience and omnipotence.
Using SKaMPI for developing high-performance MPI programs with performance portability.
Towards new load-balancing schemes for structured peer-to-peer grids.
Global and localized parallel preconditioning techniques for large scale solid Earth simulations.
Bulk synchronous parallel ML with exceptions.
GRASP-based resource re-optimization for effective big data access in federated clouds.
A Virtual Dataspaces Model for large-scale materials scientific data access.
Correspondence between mutation and selection pressure and the genetic code degeneracy in the gene evolution.
TTPs and biometrics for securing the payment of telemedical services.
Special section: Grid technology and applications.
Thread prioritization: A thread scheduling mechanism for multiple-context parallel processors.
Resource allocation with multi-factor node ranking in data center networks.
Towards an experience based collective computational intelligence for manufacturing.
The fifth generation computer systems project.
Knowledge processing: Beware of stalemate.
Wait-free computing: an introductory lecture.
Automated data provenance capture in spreadsheets, with case studies.
Optimizing remote method invocation with communication-computation overlap.
Armada: a parallel I/O framework for computational grids.
Parallel performance of overlapping mesh technique for compressible flows.
A knowledge-based system for the wastewater treatment plant.
Efficiently using memory in lattice Boltzmann simulations.
Concepts and architecture of a simulation framework based on the JavaBeans component model.
A biometric identity-based signcryption scheme.
A user-centric execution environment for CineGrid workloads.
Auto tuning for new energy dispatch problem: A case study.
The LADY programming environment for distributed operating systems.
A resource discovery tree using bitmap for grids.
2-phase GA-based image registration on parallel clusters.
Cloud-FuSeR: Fuzzy ontology and MCDM based cloud service selection.
A Kerberos security architecture for web services based instrumentation grids.
Social psychology insights into ontology engineering.
Retargetable code generation for application-specific processors.
GuiGen: a toolset for creating customized interfaces for grid user communities.
Looking for narrow interfaces in automatic differentiation using graph drawing.
Performance analysis and optimization for workflow authorization.
An adaptive granularity control algorithm for the parallel execution of functional programs.
Computational challenges in aerospace.
A new key assignment scheme for enforcing complicated access control policies in hierarchy.
Ant algorithms.
Low complexity reconfiguration for real-time data-intensive service-oriented applications.
Energy-aware task migration for multiprocessor real-time systems.
An ANTS heuristic for the frequency assignment problem.
Cellular array architecture for relational database implementation.
Contributions of FGCS technology to applications in legal reasoning.
Powerful resource discovery for Arigatoni overlay network.
Fair scheduling of bag-of-tasks applications on large-scale platforms.
Real time switching and streaming transmission of uncompressed 4K motion pictures.
A new mechanism for resource monitoring in Grid computing.
Orthonormal integrators based on Householder and Givens transformations.
Increment formulations for rounding error reduction in the numerical solution of structured differential systems.
Improving the efficiency of virtual channels with time-dependent selection functions.
Comprehensive cache performance tuning with a toolset.
Heterogeneous network-based concurrent computing environments.
A recursively scalable network VLSI implementation.
JSBricks: a suite of microbenchmarks for the evaluation of Java as a scientific execution environment.
A common framework for reasoning on uncertainty both at symbolic and numerical levels.
High-performance computing in chemistry: NW Chem.
Scalable DHT- and ontology-based information service for large-scale grids.
Improving reliability of a heterogeneous grid-based intrusion detection platform using levels of redundancies.
Anticipating resource saturation in Federated Grids.
Semantic-aware multi-tenancy authorization system for cloud architectures.
Dynamic and flexible selection of a reputation mechanism for heterogeneous environments.
Generalized data retrieval for pyramid-based periodic broadcasting of videos.
On Measuring Disturbances in the Force: Advanced Cloud Monitoring Systems.
Fault-tolerant Service Level Agreement lifecycle management in clouds using actor system.
Solving the grid interoperability problem by P-GRADE portal at workflow level.
Performance issues in dataflow machines.
DDoS defense system for web services in a cloud environment.
Parallel software development in the DISC programming environment.
GENIUS: a simple and easy way to access computational and data grids.
Towards a green cluster through dynamic remapping of virtual machines.
A reduction architecture for the optimal scheduling of binary trees.
Data compression techniques in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A framework for distributed knowledge management: Design and implementation.
Business-driven management of infrastructure-level risks in Cloud providers.
High performance computing systems: Present and future.
Guest editorial.
Computational steering.
Multiprocessor scheduling using mean-field annealing.
An evolutionary approach to multiprocessor scheduling of dependent tasks.
Parallel processing of large graphs.
Grid Services Base Library: A high-level, procedural application programming interface for writing Globus-based Grid services.
Network-aware scheduling for real-time execution support in data-intensive optical Grids.
Modeling adaptable multimedia and self-modifying protocol execution.
Coarse grid acceleration of a parallel block preconditioner.
High-performance forward error correction: Enabling multi-gigabit flows and beyond on commodity GPU and CPU hardware in presence of packet loss.
Biological sequence alignment on the computational grid using the GrADS framework.
Elastic reservations for efficient bandwidth utilization in LambdaGrids.
Improving prediction level of prefetching for location-aware mobile information service.
Multi-provider cloud computing network infrastructure optimization.
SGrid: a service-oriented model for the Semantic Grid.
Solving the least squares problem using a parallel linear algebra library.
Seamless handoff scheme in Wi-Fi and WiMAX heterogeneous networks.
A data intensive distributed computing architecture for "Grid" applications.
Software engineering.
Achieving low cost synchronization in a multiprocessor system.
Exploring cosmology applications on distributed environments.
Rule-based curation and preservation of data: A data grid approach using iRODS.
Time and space adaptation for computational grids with the ATOP-Grid middleware.
An extended attribute based access control model with trust and privacy: Application to a collaborative crisis management system.
Benchmarking performance for migrating a relational application to a parallel implementation.
A parallel method for large sparse generalized eigenvalue problems using a GridRPC system.
FaceDCAPTCHA: Face detection based color image CAPTCHA.
Validating key constraints over XML document using XPath and structure checking.
A parallel algorithm for 3D reconstruction of angiographic images.
High level QoS-driven model for Grid applications in a simulated environment.
Efficient parallel algorithms for numerical simulation.
Design and implementation of a data mining grid-aware architecture.
Network architectures.
Authenticity and availability in PIPE networks.
BeeCup: A bio-inspired energy-efficient clustering protocol for mobile learning.
An IP Traceback Protocol using a Compressed Hash Table, a Sinkhole Router and Data Mining based on Network Forensics against Network Attacks.
Foreword.
Detecting discussion communities on vaccination in twitter.
Spatio-temporal information integration in XML.
CoCaMAAL: A cloud-oriented context-aware middleware in ambient assisted living.
Study of mechanisms that support the implementation of nonlogical components of prolog in WAM-based systems.
A scalable molecular-dynamics algorithm suite for materials simulations: design-space diagram on 1024 Cray T3E processors.
Branch replication scheme: A new model for data replication in large scale data grids.
Evaluation of a database application on a Meiko multisparc Oracle platform.
An adaptive multisite mapping for computationally intensive grid applications.
Parallel patterns for heterogeneous CPU/GPU architectures: Structured parallelism from cluster to cloud.
Special section: Numerical methods for structured systems.
Lossless compression algorithms for smart cards: A progress report.
Cyber performances, technical and artistic collaboration across continents.
A new technique for efficient live migration of multiple virtual machines.
Cooperative and decentralized workflow scheduling in global grids.
Navigating through a virtual city: Using virtual reality technology to study human action and perception.
A dual-band priority assignment algorithm for dynamic QoS resource management.
Use of parallel computing and visualisation techniques in the simulation of large scale geoenvironmental engineering problems.
SATEXPERT: A knowledge-based system for spacecraft control.
A progressive multi-layer resource reconfiguration framework for time-shared grid systems.
Embedded GPU and multicore processors for emotional-based mobile robotic agents.
Access control in semantic grid.
CycloidGrid: A proximity-aware P2P-based resource discovery architecture in volunteer computing systems.
A parlog based real-time distributed logic environment.
Architecture for the next generation system management tools.
Distributed medical images analysis on a Grid infrastructure.
A distributed-memory, high-performance workstation.
Simulating synthetic polymer chains in parallel.
The Climate-G Portal: The context, key features and a multi-dimensional analysis.
Risk assessment in service provider communities.
Computation properties of spatial dynamics simulation by probabilistic cellular automata.
Automatic programming by composing program components and its realization method.
Privacy protection and anonymity services for the World Wide Web (WWW).
Reactions in complex biologically relevant systems: challenges for computational approaches.
AUGUSTUS at MediGRID: Adaption of a bioinformatics application to grid computing for efficient genome analysis.
Content-based organisation of virtual repositories of DICOM objects.
A theory and architecture for automating performance diagnosis.
Time and cost trade-off management for scheduling parallel applications on Utility Grids.
The elements of an open KBS infrastructure.
A layered interface-adaptation architecture for distributed component-based systems.
A recommender mechanism for service selection in service-oriented environments.
Analyzing Hadoop power consumption and impact on application QoS.
Implementation of parallel block preconditionings on a transputer-based multiprocessor.
The requirements of a high performance implementation of PVM.
Arts and humanities e-science - Current practices and future challenges.
Data mining.
Injecting power-awareness into epidemic information dissemination in sensor networks.
Characterization and delivery of directly coupled causal messages in distributed systems.
QoS and SLA aspects across multiple management domains: the SEQUIN approach.
Performance prediction of paging workloads using lightweight tracing.
Scalable and efficient whole-exome data processing using workflows on the cloud.
A new distributed and hierarchical mechanism for service discovery in a grid environment.
Multi-dimensional evidence-based trust management with multi-trusted paths.
Design and evaluation of a block encryption algorithm using dynamic-key mechanism.
Enforcing CPU allocation in a heterogeneous IaaS.
Rule-driven service coordination middleware for scientific applications.
Exponential monotonicity of quadratic forms in ODEs and preserving methods.
An incentive-based heuristic job scheduling algorithm for utility grids.
Structuring statement sequences in instance-based locality optimization.
The CloudGrid approach: Security analysis and performance evaluation.
Efficient task replication and management for adaptive fault tolerance in Mobile Grid environments.
SemantEco: A semantically powered modular architecture for integrating distributed environmental and ecological data.
Reliability challenges in large systems.
Complex problem-solving environments for Grid computing.
ParSA: High-throughput scientific data analysis framework with distributed file system.
Synchronous processor arrays integrated in a transputer network.
A web-based cooperative tool for risk management with adaptive security.
RingCube - An incrementally scale-out optical interconnect for cloud computing data center.
Latency based group discovery algorithm for network aware cloud scheduling.
Sector: A high performance wide area community data storage and sharing system.
Federated grid clusters using service address routed optical networks.
Enabled/disabled predicate encryption in clouds.
The synergistic integration of mathematics, software engineering, and user-centred design: exploring new trends in education.
Obstacles in Data Distribution Service Middleware: A Systematic Review.
Economics of computing services.
To the Readers.
Delay characterization and performance evaluation of cluster-based WSN with different deployment distributions.
Trustworthiness testing of phishing websites: A behavior model-based approach.
Monte Carlo methods for matrix computations on the grid.
A survey of economic models in grid computing.
Chargeback for cloud services.
Software consolidation as an efficient energy and cost saving solution.
Trust in collaborative web applications.
A method for managing green power of a virtual machine cluster in cloud.
Enabling efficient information discovery in a self-structured grid.
PCP-B<sup>2</sup>: Partial critical path budget balanced scheduling algorithms for scientific workflow applications.
Computational steering in the CAVE.
Improving cloud network security using the Tree-Rule firewall.
Microscopic examination of TCP flows over transatlantic links.
ArchaeoSTOR: A data curation system for research on the archeological frontier.
Performance evaluation of parallel strategies in public clouds: A study with phylogenomic workflows.
Developing security-aware resource management strategies for workflows.
Promoting performance and separation of concerns for data mining applications on the grid.
Special Section: The third provenance challenge on using the open provenance model for interoperability.
Implementing interoperable provenance in biomedical research.
Attractor neural networks and biological reality: associative memory and learning.
P2P/Grid-based overlay architecture to support VoIP services in large-scale IP networks.
Voronoi-based Range-kNN search with Map Grid in a mobile environment.
A grid-aware MIP solver: Implementation and case studies.
Mining of the chemical information in GRID environment.
Adapting scientific computing problems to clouds using MapReduce.
BECAUSE European workshop Sophia-Antipolis (France) 14-16 October 1992. General presentation of the BECAUSE Benchmark Set: BBS.
Expert systems application in plant engineering.
SLA negotiation and enforcement policies for revenue maximization and client classification in cloud providers.
W3P: Building an OPM based provenance model for the Web.
A hybrid collaborative filtering recommendation mechanism for P2P networks.
Parallel Branch-and-Bound in multi-core multi-CPU multi-GPU heterogeneous environments.
Semantics, Resource and Grid.
Preface.
Scalable networked information processing environment (SNIPE).
SIGMCC: A system for sharing meta patient records in a Peer-to-Peer environment.
Cloud Cryptography: Theory, Practice and Future Research Directions.
An agility-oriented and fuzziness-embedded semantic model for collaborative cloud service search, retrieval and recommendation.
Task distribution with a random overlay network.
P-found: Grid-enabling distributed repositories of protein folding and unfolding simulations for data mining.
High Performance Computing and Networking.
An ant algorithm for balanced job scheduling in grids.
Monitoring of distributed Java applications.
Diffusion on unstructured triangular grids using Lattice Boltzmann.
An optimal PSO distributed precoding algorithm in QRD-based multi-relay system.
From infrastructure delivery to service management in clouds.
Task granularity policies for deploying bag-of-task applications on global grids.
An intelligent cloud-based data processing broker for mobile e-health multimedia applications.
State transition in communication under social network: An analysis using fuzzy logic and Density Based Clustering towards big data paradigm.
Enhanced semi-supervised local Fisher discriminant analysis for face recognition.
Grand challenges to computational science.
Using RDF to describe networks.
Value creation in software service platforms.
ESPM: An optimized resource distribution policy in virtual user environment.
A new paradigm: Data-aware scheduling in grid computing.
Progressive lossless coding of medical images.
An efficient peer-to-peer indexing tree structure for multidimensional data.
An approach for virtual appliance distribution for service deployment.
PDDRA: A new pre-fetching based dynamic data replication algorithm in data grids.
Advanced services for Clusters and Internet computing.
CGLXTouch: A multi-user multi-touch approach for ultra-high-resolution collaborative workspaces.
The underwriting expert system in nippon life.
An efficient replicated data access approach for large-scale distributed systems.
Biometrics-based consumer applications driven by reconfigurable hardware architectures.
Interfacing Condor and PVM to harness the cycles of workstation clusters.
Long-range static directional stress transfer in a cracked, nonlinear elastic crust.
Self-adaptation of mobile systems driven by the Common Variability Language.
Preface.
Special section: Automatic differentiation and its applications.
Managing user-generated information in geospatial cyberinfrastructures.
Scalable dimensioning of resilient Lambda Grids.
Visual understanding industrial workflows under uncertainty on distributed service oriented architectures.
The Service Provider Group framework: A framework for arranging trust and power to facilitate authorization of network services.
TruSMS: A trustworthy SMS spam control system based on trust management.
Making the best of a bad situation: Prioritized storage management in GEMS.
A global and parallel file system for grids.
Ontology models of the impacts of agriculture and climate changes on water resources: Scenarios on interoperability and information recovery.
Fault-tolerant peer-to-peer search on small-world networks.
QoS within Business Grid Quality of Service (BGQoS).
Parallel branch-and-bound algorithms.
CHAT: the copy-hybrid approach to tabling.
Long-haul secure data transfer using hardware-assisted GridFTP.
A simulated annealing feature extraction approach for hyperspectral images.
Evaluation of a lattice-Boltzmann method for mercury intrusion porosimetry simulations.
A framework for providing hard delay guarantees and user fairness in Grid computing.
A directional diffusion algorithm on cellular automata for robot path-planning.
A resource aware software partitioning algorithm based on mobility constraints in pervasive grid environments.
Intranet Health Clinic - A web-based interactive communication environment for the continuation in health care.
High Performance Fortran Languages: Advanced applications and their implementation.
Special section: Applications of distributed and grid computing.
Privacy/performance trade-off in private search on bio-medical data.
The design, usage, and performance of GridUFO: A Grid based Unified Framework for Optimization.
Enabling multi-user interaction in large high-resolution distributed environments.
Multi-site data distribution for disaster recovery - A planning framework.
A classification of file placement and replication methods on grids.
A risk analysis of a smart home automation system.
Conceptual interfaces in <i>hypre</i>.
Hopfield neural network for simultaneous job scheduling and data replication in grids.
Data mining and KDD: Promise and challenges.
Application of grid computing to parameter sweeps and optimizations in molecular modeling.
A hierarchical watchdog mechanism for systemic fault awareness on distributed systems.
Supporting CPU-based guarantees in cloud SLAs via resource-level QoS metrics.
Balancing electricity bill and performance in server farms with setup costs.
Towards a security-enhanced PaaS platform for multi-cloud applications.
IAN<sup>2</sup> : Industrial Autonomic Network Node architecture for supporting personalized network services in the industrial context.
Communication and migration energy aware task mapping for reliable multiprocessor systems.
What do we do now? Workflows for an unpredictable world.
BodyCloud: A SaaS approach for community Body Sensor Networks.
Semantic mediation of observation datasets through Sensor Observation Services.
Formation of an ant cemetery: swarm intelligence or statistical accident?
Mining network data for intrusion detection through combining SVMs with ant colony networks.
ACO-based clustering for Ego Network analysis.
A user mode CPU-GPU scheduling framework for hybrid workloads.
JXTA resource access control by means of advertisement encryption.
On-line failure prediction in safety-critical systems.
Emergent algorithms for replica location and selection in data grid.
3D web environment for knowledge management.
A multimedia healthcare data sharing approach through cloud-based body area network.
On the reconstruction of three-dimensional complex geological objects using Delaunay triangulation.
Towards an operating system managing parallelism of computing on clusters.
Portable Cloud applications - From theory to practice.
Special section: Data management for eScience.
DISCWorld: an environment for service-based matacomputing.
A monitoring system for multithreaded applications.
Electron tomography of complex biological specimens on the Grid.
Cloud-aware data intensive workflow scheduling on volunteer computing systems.
Dynamic batch processing in workflows: Model and implementation.
Sabotage-tolerance mechanisms for volunteer computing systems.
Federate resource management in a Distributed Virtual Environment.
Adaptive resource management for P2P live streaming systems.
BASE analysis of NoSQL database.
A new step toward load balancing based on competency rank and transitional phases in Grid networks.
Web based prediction for diabetes treatment.
Scheduling workflow applications on processors with different capabilities.
Data-centric iteration in dynamic workflows.
Hierarchy and statistical heuristic search.
Special section: Grid computing and the message passing interface.
Ising spin neural networks with spatial structure.
Invariants and paradigms of concurrency theory.
Intelligent data staging with overlapped execution of grid applications.
Appraisal of parallel processing research at ICOT.
Computational modeling of microstructures.
Risk-aware intermediate dataset backup strategy in cloud-based data intensive workflows.
KELPIO a telescope-ready domain-specific I/O library for irregular block-structured applications.
ASIP acceleration for virtual-to-physical address translation on RDMA-enabled FPGA-based network interfaces.
High-level application-specific performance analysis using the G-PM tool.
Internet of Things and Cloud Services.
Design and evaluation of a relational knowledge base prototype machine.
A family of heuristics for agent-based elastic Cloud bag-of-tasks concurrent scheduling.
A hybrid solution method for CFD applications on GPU-accelerated hybrid HPC platforms.
A cost-optimal parallel implementation of a tridiagonal system solver using skeletons.
Parallel and fully recursive multifrontal sparse Cholesky.
A comprehensive approach to privacy in the cloud-based Internet of Things.
Enabling scientific collaboration on the Grid.
Building enterprise mashups.
BECloud: A new approach to analyse elasticity enablers of cloud services.
Implementing finite difference ocean circulation models on MIMD, distributed memory computers.
Automatic differentiation and nonlinear controller design by exact linearization.
Towards a community-based, social network-driven framework for Web services management.
OntoZilla: An ontology-based, semi-structured, and evolutionary peer-to-peer network for information systems and services.
WASAM: A dynamic wide-area situational awareness model for critical domains in Smart Grids.
Prolog for programmers : by F. Kluzninak and S. Szpakowicz (Academic Press, New York, 1985) 299 pp., price: &#163;14.95.
Virtual reality in medicine and biology.
Efficiently using connectivity information between triangles in a mesh for real-time renderin.
An angle-based interest model for text recommendation.
Cooperative mechanisms for networked music.
Computing agents for decision support systems.
Contention-based performance evaluation of multidimensional range search in peer-to-peer networks.
Automated theorem-proving research in the Fifth Generation Computer Systems Project: Model generation theorem provers.
Using reflection techniques for flexible problem solving (with examples from diagnosis).
PWLM<sup>3</sup>-based automatic performance model estimation method for HDFS write and read operations.
The VizieR system, a unified interface to astronomical catalogs.
Robust Cyber-Physical Systems: Concept, models, and implementation.
Routing management in very large-scale networks.
A collaborative methodology for tacit knowledge management: Application to scientific research.
Server-aided anonymous attribute-based authentication in cloud computing.
Designing parallel models of soil contamination by the CARPET language.
An efficient logging and recovery scheme for lazy release consistent distributed shared memory systems.
Logic-based modeling of information transfer in cyber-physical multi-agent systems.
Enabling high resolution collaborative visualization in display rich virtual organizations.
Ontology-driven collaborative annotation in shared workspaces.
An autonomic tool for building self-organizing Grid-enabled applications.
A conceptual model for attribute aggregation.
Cooperative negotiation and scheduling of scientific workflows in the collaborative climate community data and processing grid.
Special issue on exploiting semantic technologies with particularization on linked data over grid and cloud architectures.
A high performance fingerprint liveness detection method based on quality related features.
Bayanihan: building and studying web-based volunteer computing systems using Java.
Logic programs directly processed in a network of content addressable memories.
Remote auditing of software outputs using a trusted coprocessor.
Scalable parallel computing on clouds using Twister4Azure iterative MapReduce.
Trustworthy data fusion and mining in Internet of Things.
Abstract machines for programming language implementation.
Executing and observing CFD applications on the Grid.
The distributed and parallel NIC server.
Substation operation support system with event-driven processing.
Krylov subspace methods for large-scale matrix problems in control.
A detection and prevention system against collaborative attacks in Mobile Ad hoc Networks.
Policy, program and perspectives of cwi, amsterdam.
Towards transparent and distributed workload management for large scale web servers.
An ontology-centric architecture for extensible scientific data management systems.
Using the GCel for simulation of flow in the continental shelf region.
A resource intensive traffic-aware scheme using energy-aware routing in cognitive radio networks.
A grid middleware for data management exploiting peer-to-peer techniques.
Supporting 3D and VR applications in a metacomputing environment.
ViVa: A systematic approach to verification, improvement and validation of knowledge-based systems.
Application of the Kurganov-Levy semi-discrete numerical scheme to hyperbolic problems with nonlinear source terms.
Ygdrasil--a framework for composing shared virtual worlds.
Reputation-based estimation of individual performance in collaborative and competitive grids.
Mining multi-dimensional data for decision support.
OpenMOLE, a workflow engine specifically tailored for the distributed exploration of simulation models.
A virtual server queueing network method for component based performance modelling of metacomputing.
An autonomic cloud environment for hosting ECG data analysis services.
Complete and fragmented replica selection and retrieval in Data Grids.
Scientific computing with Google App Engine.
On the evaluation of gridification effort and runtime aspects of JGRIM applications.
A new multi-objective bi-level programming model for energy and locality aware multi-job scheduling in cloud computing.
SLA-driven dynamic cloud resource management.
QoS-based adaptation service selection broker.
The data building blocks of the enterprise architect.
iGrid 2002: The International Virtual Laboratory.
Algorithms for cost- and deadline-constrained provisioning for scientific workflow ensembles in IaaS clouds.
Performance of 1 and 10 Gigabit Ethernet cards with server quality motherboards.
High performance biometrics recognition algorithms and systems.
Knowledge systems and prolog : by A. Walker, M. McCord, J.F. Sowa and W.G. Wilson (Addison-Wesley, Reading, MA, 1987) 475 pp.
Token based networking: Experiment NL-101.
Multi-objective scheduling of Scientific Workflows in multisite clouds.
Platform and algorithm effects on computational fluid dynamics applications in life sciences.
Dynamic semantics of Java bytecode.
The M<sup>2</sup> hierarchical multiprocessor.
Energy efficient indoor tracking on smartphones.
Formalization and analysis of the REST architecture from the process algebra perspective.
Web search results caching service for structured P2P networks.
The status quo and prospect of Josephson junction device technology.
CLOUDRB: A framework for scheduling and managing High-Performance Computing (HPC) applications in science cloud.
MR functional cardiac imaging: Segmentation, measurement and WWW based visualisation of 4D data.
Special section: Green computing.
Memory-efficient Kronecker algorithms with applications to the modelling of parallel systems.
The JXTA performance model and evaluation.
Dynamic trust enhanced security model for trusted platform based services.
Bacterial foraging based hyper-heuristic for resource scheduling in grid computing.
Dynamic photonic lightpaths in the StarPlane network.
Data mining middleware for wide-area high-performance networks.
Phenylium and naphtylium cations in the interstellar medium: a density functional study on their reactivity towards D<sub>2</sub> molecules.
Challenges in computational statistical mechanics.
Cloud based framework for Parkinson's disease diagnosis and monitoring system for remote healthcare applications.
Special section: Data mining in grid computing environments.
Adaptive parallel job scheduling with resource admissible allocation on two-level hierarchical grids.
A highly available spectrum allocation service model in dynamic spectrum market.
Interface creation and redesign techniques in collaborative learning scenarios.
A transformation strategy for implementing distributed, multilayer feedforward neural networks: Backpropagation transformation.
Scientific workflow design for mere mortals.
A prototype of distributed molecular visualization on computational grids.
Traffic simulation.
Special section on applications of intelligent data and knowledge processing technologies - Preface.
Software Tools and Techniques for Big Data Computing in Healthcare Clouds.
QoS-based dissemination of content in Grids.
Oasis: An active storage framework for object storage platform.
Web services discovery and rank: An information retrieval approach.
Fingerprint recognition based on silicon chips.
A location management scheme to provide IP mobility over wireless ATM.
Grid based sleep research - Analysis of polysomnographies using a grid infrastructure.
Handling dynamics in diffusive aggregation schemes: An evaporative approach.
Architectures for real-time volume rendering.
Overcoming data locality: An in-memory runtime file system with symmetrical data distribution.
Analysis of k-ary n-cubes with dimension-ordered routing.
WebFlow: a framework for web based metacomputing.
Resource-aware hybrid scheduling algorithm in heterogeneous distributed computing.
UNICORE: uniform access to supercomputing as an element of electronic commerce.
Palmprint based recognition system using phase-difference information.
Improving job scheduling algorithms in a grid environment.
'Cheap grid': Leveraging system failure using stochastic computation.
Knowle: A semantic link network based system for organizing large scale online news events.
A novel energy-driven computing paradigm for e-health scenarios.
Fourier analysis of Turing-like pattern formation in cellular automaton models.
Towards secure mobile cloud computing: A survey.
New algorithms for the iterative refinement of estimates of invariant subspaces.
Real-time interactive motion transitions by a uniform posture map.
The function processor: A data-driven processor array for irregular computations.
The network weather service: a distributed resource performance forecasting service for metacomputing.
Advances in Artificial Intelligence : by J. Hallam and C. Mellish, Eds. (Wiley, New York, 1987) 290 pp., price: &#163;25.
POOSS: A Parallel Object-Oriented Stable Storage.
Web services workflow with result data forwarding as resources.
A catallactic market for data mining services.
Parallel I/O for distributed systems: Issues and implementation.
Statistics with vague data : by R. Kruse and K.D. Meyer (Reidel, Dordrecht/Boston, 1987) 279 pp.
Extending multiprogramming to a DMPP.
Performance of ILU preconditioning techniques in simulating anisotropic diffusion in the human brain.
SPINEware - a framework for user-oriented and tailorable metacomputers.
Architectural investigation of matrix data layout on multicore processors.
Towards high-available and energy-efficient virtual computing environments in the cloud.
Simulations of large-scale WiFi-based wireless networks: Interdisciplinary challenges and applications.
Nonlinear model for ECG R-R interval variation using genetic programming approach.
Preface of special issue on the economics of computing services.
Dynamic, scalable and flexible resource discovery for large-dimension many-core systems.
MinEX: a latency-tolerant dynamic partitioner for grid computing applications.
Hybrids of support vector machine wrapper and filter based framework for malware detection.
Master-worker model for MapReduce paradigm on the TILE64 many-core platform.
A distributed JXTA-based architecture for searching and retrieving solar data.
A parallel algorithm for pattern discovery in biological sequences.
The fundamentals of expert systems on tort in Japan.
An autonomic framework for enhancing the quality of data grid services.
Exposing HPC and sequential applications as services through the development and deployment of a SaaS cloud.
Analysis of user behaviors by mining large network data sets.
Grid-enabling data mining applications with DataMiningGrid: An architectural perspective.
A virtual environment for the exploration of diffusion and flow phenomena in complex geometries.
Mobile and ubiquitous architecture for the medical control of chronic diseases through the use of intelligent devices: Using the architecture for patients with diabetes.
Parallel execution of Prolog with granularity control.
Authentication primitives for secure protocol specifications.
Earth system modelling with Windows Workflow Foundation.
Modeling throughput sampling size for a cloud-hosted data scheduling and optimization service.
Distributed multiprocessor scheduling with decomposed optimization criterion.
Dynamic security perimeters for inter-enterprise service integration.
EDPEPPS: an integrated environment for the parallel development life-cycle.
Retelab: A geospatial grid web laboratory for the oceanographic research community.
Hardware-oriented numerics and concepts for PDE software.
Comments on a theorem on grid access control.
Securing web services for deployment in health grids.
Virtual machine consolidated placement based on multi-objective biogeography-based optimization.
An asynchronous algorithm on the NetSolve global computing system.
LOFAR Information System.
Power-aware linear programming based scheduling for heterogeneous computer clusters.
On the computation of few eigenvalues of positive definite Hamiltonian matrices.
A workflow framework for intelligent service composition.
On balancing network traffic in path-based multicast communication.
On the power of global-bus in mesh-connected architectures.
MPI-Delphi: an MPI implementation for visual programming environments and heterogeneous computing.
An image processing and management system for radiology with telemedicine services.
Multiresolutional distributed filtering: A novel technique that reduces the amount of data required in high resolution electrocardiography.
A secure broadcasting cryptosystem and its application to grid computing.
Security challenges with network functions virtualization.
Streamlining DevOps automation for Cloud applications using TOSCA as standardized metamodel.
Large scale natural vision simulations.
Developing front-end Web 2.0 technologies to access services, content and things in the future Internet.
An automatic algorithm for approximating boundary of bitmap characters.
Arranging statements and data of program instances for locality.
Pegasus, a workflow management system for science automation.
A secure and efficient Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Proxy Re-Encryption for cloud data sharing.
Web framework with Java and XML in multi-tiers for productivity.
Triva: Interactive 3D visualization for performance analysis of parallel applications.
Guest editorial: Fifth generation computer systems: Success or failure?
Web based metacomputing.
Biometrics inspired watermarking based on a fractional dual tree complex wavelet transform.
A collaborative clinical analysis service based on theory of evidence, fuzzy linguistic sets and prospect theory and its application to craniofacial disorders in infants.
Estimation and forecasting of ecological efficiency of virtual machines.
A semantic network approach to analyzing virtual team interactions in the early stages of conceptual design.
Matrix-based pairwise key establishment for wireless mesh networks.
Programming environments for high-performance Grid computing: the Albatross project.
Distributed federative QoS resource management.
A super-peer model for resource discovery services in large-scale Grids.
A provenance model based on declarative specifications for intensive data analyses in hemotherapy information systems.
TIRIAC: A trust-driven risk-aware access control framework for Grid environments.
Large scale distributed data repository: design of a molecular dynamics trajectory database.
Trade-offs in matching jobs and balancing load for distributed desktop grids.
Cloud enabled data analytics and visualization framework for health-shocks prediction.
Latency reduction from runtime-interference to the parallel Quantum Chemistry program GREMLIN in heterogeneous and homogeneous environments.
HSim: A MapReduce simulator in enabling Cloud Computing.
Modelling energy consumption of network transfers and virtual machine migration.
Optimal Quality of Service routing and admission control using the Utility Model.
Beyond 4K: 8K 60p live video streaming to multiple sites.
Energy accounting for shared virtualized environments under DVFS using PMC-based power models.
Using the cloud to develop applications supporting geo-collaborative Situated Learning.
Artificial Neural Network support to monitoring of the evolutionary driven security aware scheduling in computational distributed environments.
The PaCMAn Metacomputer: parallel computing with Java mobile agents.
Simulation-based optimization of multiple-task GRID applications.
Using the BSP cost model to optimise parallel neural network training.
SUPRENUM - A European made supercomputer.
An efficient closed-form solution for joint synchronization and localization using TOA.
Using Web services to integrate heterogeneous simulations in a grid environment.
Simulation of cellular automata.
Ensuring the performance and scalability of peer-to-peer distributed virtual environments.
Particle based modelling methods applied in biology.
An efficient exact adjoint of the parallel MIT General Circulation Model, generated via automatic differentiation.
An asynchronous parallel metaheuristic for the period vehicle routing problem.
A memory access model for highly-threaded many-core architectures.
Trust, Security and Privacy in Emerging Distributed Systems.
Mixture of ANFIS systems for CPU load prediction in metacomputing environment.
The Open Run-Time Environment (OpenRTE): A transparent multicluster environment for high-performance computing.
Distributed, application-level monitoring for heterogeneous clouds using stream processing.
A cloud based health insurance plan recommendation system: A user centered approach.
IMPRECO: Distributed prediction of protein complexes.
Using an interactive parallelisation toolkit to parallelise an ocean modelling code.
Using provenance to efficiently improve metadata searching performance in storage systems.
Software defined cloud: Survey, system and evaluation.
A semantic collaborative awareness model to deal with resource sharing in grids.
A path to achieving a self-managed Grid middleware.
Remote data possession checking with enhanced security for cloud storage.
A survey of computational steering environments.
Analyzing the impact of elasticity on the profit of cloud computing providers.
Towards an efficient storage and retrieval mechanism for large unstructured grids.
Knowledge-based information retrieval.
Resource estimation for heterogeneous computing.
A fast and resource-conscious MPI message queue mechanism for large-scale jobs.
Blocking vs. non-blocking coordinated checkpointing for large-scale fault tolerant MPI Protocols.
First attempt to parallelise a CFD application software package: The CALIFE code.
HybridNN: An accurate and scalable network location service based on the inframetric model.
Dynamic provisioning of LightPath services for radio astronomy applications.
Distributed hierarchical scheduling with explicit grain size control.
Batch Public Key Cryptosystem with batch multi-exponentiation.
Computerized recognition of Alzheimer disease-EEG using genetic algorithms and neural network.
Wavelet-based medical image compression.
Shedding light on black holes.
A social cloud-based tool to deal with time and media mismatch of intergenerational family communication.
Debugging shared memory parallel programs using record/replay.
4CaaSt marketplace: An advanced business environment for trading cloud services.
Elastic grid resource provisioning with WoBinGO: A parallel framework for genetic algorithm based optimization.
Evaluating the cooling and computing energy demand of a datacentre with optimal server provisioning.
Targets and results from phase one and two of the fifth generation computer systems study.
Multi-domain lightpath authorization, using tokens.
Performance of a GridFTP overlay network.
The configuration space of homologous proteins: A theoretical and practical framework to reduce the diversity of the protein sequence space after massive all-by-all sequence comparisons.
Conservation properties of multisymplectic integrators.
ServBGP: BGP-inspired autonomic service routing for multi-provider collaborative architectures in the cloud.
Cost-effective secure E-health cloud system using identity based cryptographic techniques.
Cost-benefit analysis of an SLA mapping approach for defining standardized Cloud computing goods.
Semantic profile-based document logistics for cooperative research.
Enabling scientific workflow sharing through coarse-grained interoperability.
A performance study on the synchronisation of heterogeneous Grid databases using CONStanza.
From gridmap-file to VOMS: managing authorization in a Grid environment.
Native 10 Gigabit Ethernet experiments over long distances.
A reconfigurable, regular-topology cluster/datacenter network using commodity optical switches.
Enabling scalable scientific workflow management in the Cloud.
A comparative study of clustering methods.
From visionary ideas to products.
The computational science major at SUNY Brockport.
Enhanced monitoring in the GRADE programming environment by using OMIS.
A local sensitivity analysis method for developing biological models with identifiable parameters: Application to cardiac ionic channel modelling.
Reproducibility of execution environments in computational science using Semantics and Clouds.
A performance prediction framework for scientific applications.
Optimising resource costs of cloud computing for education.
A platform for secure monitoring and sharing of generic health data in the Cloud.
GridX1: A Canadian computational grid.
Loosely-coupled processes.
Combining crowd consensus and user trustworthiness for managing collective tasks.
MapReduce-based fast fuzzy c-means algorithm for large-scale underwater image segmentation.
An ontology-based approach to ADL recognition in smart homes.
Use of artificial intelligence confirming compliance to building codes during process of making architectural drawings.
A new approach to solve hybrid flow shop scheduling problems by artificial immune system.
Discord model for detecting unexpected demands in mobile networks.
Grid query optimizer to improve query processing in grids.
CSTP: A parallel data transfer protocol using cross-stream coding.
The doctoral program in Computing and Information Sciences and Engineering of the University of Puerto Rico.
Joint resource and network scheduling with adaptive offset determination for optical burst switched grids.
Development of a distributed simulator for control experiments through the Internet.
LBBA: An efficient online benefit-aware multiprocessor scheduling for QoS via online choice of approximation algorithms.
Direct numerical simulations of turbulent flow in a driven cavity.
Efficient message passing on UNIX shared memory multiprocessors.
Building Problem-Solving Environments with Application Web Service toolkits.
Grid load balancing using intelligent agents.
Local supercomputing training in the computational sciences using remote national centers.
Multi-symplectic methods for generalized Schr&ouml;dinger equations.
Rigorous results on the effectiveness of some heuristics for the consolidation of virtual machines in a cloud data center.
Evaluating architectures for independently auditing service level agreements.
An economic model for resource management in a Grid-based content distribution network.
OpusJava: A Java framework for distributed high performance computing.
A multilayered digital content distribution using a group-key based on web.
Model-driven auto-scaling of green cloud computing infrastructure.
Managing application whitelists in trusted distributed systems.
Extending PVM to a massively parallel architecture.
Scheduling highly available applications on cloud environments.
SAGE2: A collaboration portal for scalable resolution displays.
A trust-aware, self-organizing system for large-scale federations of utility computing infrastructures.
A reinforcement learning framework for utility-based scheduling in resource-constrained systems.
A theoretical investigation of the Chalk-Harrod and modified Chalk-Harrod mechanisms involved in hybrid integrated circuit building.
A hybrid load balancing strategy of sequential tasks for grid computing environments.
High Performance Fortran for practical scientific algorithms: An up-to-date evaluation.
A genetic-based fault-tolerant routing strategy for multiprocessor networks.
A handover scheme in clustered cellular networks.
Byte-code scheduling of Java programs with branches for desktop grid.
A survey of communication/networking in Smart Grids.
Enhancing wildland fire prediction on cluster systems applying evolutionary optimization techniques.
Grand challenges to computational sciences: fundamental problems in science progress and future: Molokai, Hawaii, 3 January 1989.
Large-scale nonlinear optimization in circuit tuning.
High-resolution remote rendering of large datasets in a collaborative environment.
A workflow model for heterogeneous computing environments.
Self-scalable services in service oriented software for cost-effective data farming.
Monitoring and steering Grid applications with GRID superscalar.
Modeling the aging process of flash storage by leveraging semantic I/O.
Performance of adaptive space-sharing policies in dedicated heterogeneous cluster systems.
Parallel image processing with one-dimensional DSP arrays.
An associative engines based approach supporting collaborative analytics in the Internet of cultural things.
HPF+: High Performance Fortran for advanced scientific and engineering applications.
Using economic regulation to prevent resource congestion in large-scale shared infrastructures.
Locality and loading aware virtual machine mapping techniques for optimizing communications in MapReduce applications.
Compliance-based Multi-dimensional Trust Evaluation System for determining trustworthiness of Cloud Service Providers.
Real-time data mining of massive data streams from synoptic sky surveys.
Building a model for real-time simulation.
Courier: Multi-dimensional QoS guarantees for the consolidated storage system.
TIN meets CAD--extending the TIN concept in GIS.
A survey on gaps, threat remediation challenges and some thoughts for proactive attack detection in cloud computing.
Design of a service oriented architecture for efficient resource allocation in media environments.
Erratum to: "Multi-symplectic integration methods for Hamiltonian PDEs" [Future Gen. Comput. Sys. 19 (2003) 395-402]
Understanding performance of SMP clusters running MPI programs.
Real-time rendering of 3D medical data sets.
CloudSNAP: A transparent infrastructure for decentralized web deployment using distributed interception.
HELIO: Discovery and analysis of data in heliophysics.
A scalable super-peer approach for public scientific computation.
Group-oriented signature scheme with distinguished signing authoritie.
Architectural support for inter-stream communication in an MSIMD system.
Evolution of grid-based services for Diffusion Tensor Image analysis.
Attribute theory in learning systems.
An efficient MapReduce-based rule matching method for production system.
TODS: cluster object storage platform designed for scalable services.
Computer implementation of a medical diagnosis problem by pattern classification.
Kites flying in and out of space--distributed physically based art on the grid.
Special section: iGrid 2005: The Global Lambda Integrated Facility.
Fast barrier synchronization in wormhole k-ary n-cube networks with multidestination worms.
Using ontologies for preprocessing and mining spectra data on the Grid.
Application Information Services for distributed computing environments.
Declarative reflection tools for agent shells.
Special section: Peer-to-peer grid technologies.
High performance computing in the cloud.
Special Issue on: Multicore and Many-core Architectures for Future Generation Embedded Systems.
Optimizing register spills for eager functional languages.
GPU-accelerated DXT and JPEG compression schemes for low-latency network transmissions of HD, 2K, and 4K video.
Bioinformatic searches using a single-chip shared-memory multiprocessor.
Architecture of a shared-image electronic whiteboard in telemedicine.
Logic programming functions, relations and equations : by D. de Groot and G. Lindstrom (Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, NJ, 1986) 533 pp.
New scoring formula to rank hypervisors' performance complementing with statistical analysis using DOE.
A nonrepudiable threshold multi-proxy multi-signature scheme with shared verification.
Optimizing the makespan and reliability for workflow applications with reputation and a look-ahead genetic algorithm.
Preserving architectural pattern composition information through explicit merging operators.
From optical bistability towards optical computing, the EJOB project : by P. Mandel, S.D. Smith and B.S Wherrett, Eds. (North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1987) 362 pp.
CloRExPa: Cloud resilience via execution path analysis.
AntiCheetah: Trustworthy computing in an outsourced (cheating) environment.
Special Section: Grid computing, high-performance and distributed applications.
Investigating the application of web-based simulation principles within the architecture for a next-generation computer generated forces model.
An efficient event publish technique for real-time monitor on real-time grid computing.
Approximation in non-product form finite capacity queue systems.
Virtual environment trajectory analysis: a basis for navigational assistance and scene adaptivity.
Interactive 3D HD video transport for e-science collaboration over UCLP-enabled GLORIAD lightpath.
Special section: Recent advances in utility and cloud computing.
Accelerating tropical cyclone analysis using LambdaRAM, a distributed data cache over wide-area ultra-fast networks.
Adaptive Probabilistic Behavioural Learning System for the effective behavioural decision in cloud trading negotiation market.
DIALOG - A dataflow model for parallel execution of logic programs.
A C-oriented tool for building second generation expert systems.
A collaborative computing model for audio post-production.
Web-based grid-enabled interaction with 3D medical data.
Real-time reconfiguration for guaranteeing QoS provisioning levels in Grid environments.
Concurrency of self-* in autonomic systems.
WWW security and trusted third party services.
3-D VLSI technology in Japan and an example: a syndrome decoder for double error correction.
Very large Bayesian multinets for text classification.
Towards provably correct system synthesis and extension.
The MOSIX multicomputer operating system for high performance cluster computing.
A secure biometric discretization scheme for face template protection.
Using neural networks for data mining.
Protecting secret keys with personal entropy.
Workload and task management of Grid-enabled quantitative aerosol retrieval from remotely sensed data.
Parallelization of a relativistic DFT code.
SemreX: Efficient search in a semantic overlay for literature retrieval.
SOAs for scientific applications: Experiences and challenges.
Quantifying the effects of external factors on individual performance.
A simulation framework for priority scheduling on heterogeneous clusters.
Special Section: P2P and internet computing.
Logicflow execution model for parallel databases.
Light mesh: soft shadows as interpolation of visibility.
The creation of a 21st century telemedical information society.
DNA computing in vitro and in vivo.
Globus Nexus: A Platform-as-a-Service provider of research identity, profile, and group management.
RAR: A role-and-risk based flexible framework for secure collaboration.
Using TOP-C and AMPIC to port large parallel applications to the Computational Grid.
DARGOS: A highly adaptable and scalable monitoring architecture for multi-tenant Clouds.
A client/server approach for HPC applications within a networking environment.
Case for dynamic deployment in a grid-based distributed query processor.
Advances in artificial intelligence CIIAM86 : (Kogan Page, London, 1987) 328 pp., price: &#163;40.
A time cost model for distributed objects parallel computation.
Accessing data from many servers simultaneously and adaptively in data grids.
Optimistic parallel simulation of a large-scale view storage system.
Editorial to special issue: Recent advances in mobile and ubiquitous computing.
A hybrid architecture for bioinformatics.
Job scheduling and data replication on data grids.
Secure sharing of Personal Health Records in cloud computing: Ciphertext-Policy Attribute-Based Signcryption.
Cellular automata and lattice Boltzmann methods: a new approach to computational fluid dynamics and particle transport.
Uncertain context data management in dynamic mobile environments.
Implementing data cube construction using a cluster middleware: algorithms, implementation experience, and performance evaluation.
Data mining with decision trees and decision rules.
Access control and view generation for provenance graphs.
Semantics, Knowledge and Grids on Big Data.
An exchange format for representing dynamic information generated from High Performance Computing applications.
Characterizing resource availability in enterprise desktop grids.
Worst scenario and domain decomposition methods in geomechanics.
Cloud Market Maker: An automated dynamic pricing marketplace for cloud users.
Performance and quality of service of data and video movement over a 100 Gbps testbed.
Special issue on advanced technologies enabling adaptive and collaborative smart systems.
Rapid processing of remote sensing images based on cloud computing.
Artificial intelligence II. Methodology, systems, applications : by Ph. Jorrand and V. Sgurev, Eds. (North-Holland, Amsterdam, 1987) 403 pp.
Measuring the privacy of user profiles in personalized information systems.
Policy based resource allocation in IaaS cloud.
JavaSymphony, a programming model for the Grid.
A secure credit-based cooperation stimulating mechanism for MANETs using hash chains.
Message passing without send-receive.
Present status of HEMT LSI technology.
Behavior investigation of concurrent Java programs: an approach based on source-code instrumentation.
Providing efficient SSO to cloud service access in AAA-based identity federations.
A secure dynamic collaboration environment in a cloud context.
Visualisation of fuzzy systems: requirements, techniques and framework.
Implementation of a reflective system.
Adapting grid applications to safety using fault-tolerant methods: Design, implementation and evaluations.
Clustering based virtual machines placement in distributed cloud computing.
A Graph-based Ant System and its convergence.
Scaling machine learning for target prediction in drug discovery using Apache Spark.
The Photonic TeraStream: enabling next generation applications through intelligent optical networking at iGRID2002.
OMAS - a flexible multi-agent environment for CSCWD.
P-GRADE Portal: A generic workflow system to support user communities.
InfraPhenoGrid: A scientific workflow infrastructure for plant phenomics on the Grid.
An approach based on runtime models for developing dynamically adaptive systems.
An adaptive grid implementation of DNA sequence alignment.
The adolescence of smart cards.
A Channel Memory based fault tolerance for MPI applications.
Data adapter for querying and transformation between SQL and NoSQL database.
A fast and resource efficient mining algorithm for discovering frequent patterns in distributed computing environments.
Coordinated access control with temporal and spatial constraints on mobile execution in coalition environments.
An expert system for computer operation and user assistance.
Parallel calculations on the CM-2: BBS test programs and spectral methods.
Quanta: a toolkit for high performance data delivery over photonic networks.
Research issues for privacy and security of electronic health services.
MatchTree: Flexible, scalable, and fault-tolerant wide-area resource discovery with distributed matchmaking and aggregation.
Multiuser-centered resource scheduling for collaborative display wall environments.
Derivation of self-scheduling algorithms for heterogeneous distributed computer systems: Application to internet-based grids of computers.
Automated preprocessing of environmental data.
Representing distributed systems using the Open Provenance Model.
Automatic memory-based vertical elasticity and oversubscription on cloud platforms.
Tool environments in CORBA-based medical high-performance computing.
Deriving scientific workflows from algebraic experiment lines: A practical approach.
High Performance Computing and Networking Europe 1997.
Monte Carlo simulation-based traffic speed forecasting using historical big data.
High-performance computing and networking enables complex applications.
Integration of multiple middlewares on a single computing resource.
Efficient Hierarchical Parallel Genetic Algorithms using Grid computing.
Optical computing in Japan.
Efficient scheduling algorithm for component-based networks.
Towards a complete grid filesystem functionality.
Knowledge logistics in information grid environment.
Towards achieving flexible and verifiable search for outsourced database in cloud computing.
Lattice Boltzmann modelling of droplets on chemically heterogeneous surfaces.
Dynamic energy efficient data placement and cluster reconfiguration algorithm for MapReduce framework.
Applying fixed point homotopy to nonlinear DAEs deriving from switching circuits.
Energy-aware resource allocation heuristics for efficient management of data centers for Cloud computing.
GEMMA - A Grid environment for microarray management and analysis in bone marrow stem cells experiments.
An expert survey on kinds, influence factors and documentation of design decisions in practice.
An object oriented approach to lattice gas modeling.
Video IBPster.
Remote sensing big data computing: Challenges and opportunities.
SPEEDUP workshop on distributed computing and high-speed networks.
Architecture of parallel management kernel for PIE64.
Supporting data management on cluster grids.
RT-ROS: A real-time ROS architecture on multi-core processors.
Distributed parallel volume rendering on shared memory systems.
Scalable semantic aware context storage.
Design and implementation of the gLite CREAM job management service.
ANTS: Agents on Networks, Trees, and Subgraphs.
Towards an autonomic performance management approach for a cloud broker environment using a decomposition-coordination based methodology.
Computational and data Grids in large-scale science and engineering.
An AI approach to automate the preliminary design phase of electronic equipment for satellites.
Recent advances in Scalable Workflow Enactment Engines and Technologies.
Buffer management in wormhole-routed torus multicomputer networks.
A grid-based approach for enterprise-scale data mining.
Biologically motivated computationally intensive approaches to image pattern recognition.
Video transcoding in a Grid network with User Controlled LightPaths.
Enabling cost-aware and adaptive elasticity of multi-tier cloud applications.
A new light-based solution to the Hamiltonian path problem.
Composing, execution and sharing of multiscale applications.
An inter-cloud bridge system for heterogeneous cloud platforms.
Approaching cardiac modeling challenges to computer science with CellML-based web tools.
Infrastructure and Network-aware Grids and Service Oriented Architectures.
Efficient scheduling of MPI applications on networks of workstations.
High-definition multimedia for multiparty low-latency interactive communication.
A Resourceomic Grid for bioinformatics.
Preface.
Performance effective pre-scheduling strategy for heterogeneous grid systems in the master slave paradigm.
Context reasoning using extended evidence theory in pervasive computing environments.
Offloading mobile data traffic for QoS-aware service provision in vehicular cyber-physical systems.
Eager scheduling with lazy retry in multiprocessors.
Hybrid modelling and simulation of huge crowd over a hierarchical Grid architecture.
Large-scale functional MRI study on a production grid.
The establishment of a pilot telemedical information society.
Using formal methods to cultivate trust in smart card operating systems.
Performance of N-body codes on hybrid machines.
Active and logistical networking for grid computing: the e-Toile architecture.
Graph partitioning algorithms for optimizing software deployment in mobile cloud computing.
A topology-aware load balancing algorithm for clustered hierarchical multi-core machines.
Exascale design space exploration and co-design.
An almost linear-time algorithm for trapezoidation of GIS polygons.
Adaptive parallel I/O scheduling algorithm for multiprogrammed systems.
Using model checking to analyze the system behavior of the LHC production grid.
A parallel version of the phase space evolution model.
Benchmarking parallel compilers: A UPC case study.
A task-level adaptive MapReduce framework for real-time streaming data in healthcare applications.
Special section: Large-scale system performance modeling and analysis.
Plug-ins, layered services and behavioral objects: Application programming styles in the Harness metacomputing system.
Generating efficient derivative code with TAF: Adjoint and tangent linear Euler flow around an airfoil.
The Business Intelligence as a Service in the Cloud.
Monitoring cache behavior on parallel SMP architectures and related programming tools.
User hints: a framework for interactive optimization.
Distributed data mining in grid computing environments.
Sensor grid applications in patient monitoring.
An extensible information model for shared scientific data collections.
Functional networks for B-spline surface reconstruction.
An architecture for automatic service composition in MANET using a distributed service graph.
Improving real-time collaboration with highlighting.
High performance AAA architecture for massive IPv4 networks.
Inexact Quasi-Newton methods for sparse systems of nonlinear equations.
Deterministic approximations for stochastic processes in population biology.
Using clouds to scale grid resources: An economic model.
Abstract machine construction through operational semantics refinements.
ATLAS Canada lightpath data transfer trial.
Autonomic cloud resource sharing for intercloud federations.
Resource federation in grid using automated intelligent agent negotiation.
Intermittent collective behavior in totalistic cellular automata with high connectivity.
Computational science and engineering: a new master's program at the Technische Universit&auml;t M&uuml;nchen.
Exploring decentralized dynamic scheduling for grids and clouds using the community-aware scheduling algorithm.
On a new class of splitting type iterative methods.
Cost minimization for computational applications on hybrid cloud infrastructures.
Global Telescience featuring IPv6 at iGrid2002.
Web-based micro-world simulation for emergency management training.
Performance of a distributed architecture for query processing on workstation clusters.
MECOM: Live migration of virtual machines by adaptively compressing memory pages.
Special section: Medical imaging on grids.
Advanced Resource Connector middleware for lightweight computational Grids.
A parallel solution for scheduling of real time applications on grid environments.
Embedding a 'Treecode' on a MIMD parallel computer using a domain decomposition paradigm.
A numerically reliable approach to robust pole assignment for descriptor system.
Efficient fully homomorphic encryption from RLWE with an extension to a threshold encryption scheme.
ARMCO: Advanced topics in resource management for ubiquitous cloud computing: An adaptive approach.
Cloud computing adoption framework: A security framework for business clouds.
The design and implementation of OGSA-DQP: A service-based distributed query processor.
Land-use adjustment with a modified soil loss evaluation method supported by GIS.
A parallel multigrid code with a fast vectorized ILU-relaxation.
Virtual Medical Worlds Magazine - A Euromed on-line information building block for HPCN related telemedicine.
Towards heart sound classification without segmentation via autocorrelation feature and diffusion maps.
A step towards large scale parallelism: Building a parallel computing environment from heterogenous resources.
An efficient recovery scheme for fault-tolerant mobile computing systems.
Resource requirement prediction using clone detection technique.
Autonomous service level agreement negotiation for service composition provision.
Towards a single model of efficient computation in real parallel machines.
Pareto frontier for job execution and data transfer time in hybrid clouds.
A systematic approach to the integration of overlapping partitions in service-oriented data grids.
A model to predict the optimal performance of the Hierarchical Data Grid.
A non-linear lattice-Boltzmann model for ideal miscible fluids.
Discovery and representation of the preferences of automatically detected groups: Exploiting the link between group modeling and clustering.
Metacomputing in practice: a distributed compute server for pharmaceutical industry.
Monte Carlo simulation on heterogeneous distributed systems: A computing framework with parallel merging and checkpointing strategies.
The Java based cellular automata simulation system--JCASim.
Mixed scheduling with heterogeneous delay constraints in cyber-physical systems.
Adaptive scheduling strategy optimizer for parallel rolling bearing simulation.
Dynamic workload balancing of parallel applications with user-level scheduling on the Grid.
Software design for finite difference schemes based on index notation.
A performance comparison of current HPC systems: Blue Gene/Q, Cray XE6 and InfiniBand systems.
Thwarting DDoS attacks in grid using information divergence.
FEM/FVM calculations of compressible flows on a Meiko system.
Interoperability of BOINC and EGEE.
Lessons learned from implementing BSP.
G-Hadoop: MapReduce across distributed data centers for data-intensive computing.
Performance evaluation of load balancing strategies for approximate string matching application on an MPI cluster of heterogeneous workstations.
Editorial for FGCS special issue: Big Data in the cloud.
Surgical training on the web.
Resource management for bursty streams on multi-tenancy cloud environments.
Computational tasks in computer-assisted transbronchial biopsy.
Evaluating the VLAM-G toolkit on the DAS-2.
A method for interoperable digital libraries and data repositories.
Overlay network resource allocation using a decentralized market-based approach.
Preface.
Special section: Bio-inspired algorithms for distributed systems.
SemPI: A semantic framework for the collaborative construction and maintenance of a shared dictionary of performance indicators.
Scheduling real-time DAGs in heterogeneous clusters by combining imprecise computations and bin packing techniques for the exploitation of schedule holes.
Information-theoretical secure verifiable secret sharing with vector space access structures over bilinear groups and its applications.
A dynamic execution time estimation model to save energy in heterogeneous multicores running periodic tasks.
PREVISE: A knowledge-based system to support the preparation and verification of space operations procedures.
QUATRAIN - A design support tool and a data processing sequence supervisor.
Evaluation of KL1 and the inference machine.
Towards a general model of the multi-criteria workflow scheduling on the grid.
An implementation of a portable instrumented communication library using CS tools.
Using full message exchange for probabilistic clock synchronization (extended abstract).
SOLAR: Social Link Advanced Recommendation System.
A task routing approach to large-scale scheduling.
DEXIN: A fast content-based multi-attribute event matching algorithm using dynamic exclusive and inclusive methods.
Automatic replication of WSRF-based Grid services via operation providers.
Care HPS: A high performance simulation tool for parallel and distributed agent-based modeling.
Group-based adaptive result certification mechanism in Desktop Grids.
Workforce-efficient consensus in crowdsourced transcription of biocollections information.
Hybrid P2P schemes for remote terrain interactive visualization systems.
GHolo: a multiparadigm model oriented to development of grid systems.
Design and evaluation of a multi-user virtual audio chat.
Trapper: A graphical programming environment for parallel systems.
Multi-application smart cards and encrypted data, processing.
Programming cellular automata algorithms on parallel computers.
Aligning ontology-based development with service oriented systems.
Scheduling jobs on computational grids using a fuzzy particle swarm optimization algorithm.
Fault-tolerant routing based on approximate directed routable probabilities for hypercubes.
Software architecture constraint reuse-by-composition.
HyperFlow: A model of computation, programming approach and enactment engine for complex distributed workflows.
A cellular automaton methodology for the simulation of integrated circuit fabrication processes.
An empirical method for modelling and simulating some complex macroscopic phenomena by cellular automata.
Structuring connections between content delivery servers groups.
Making virtual reality useful: A report on immersive applications at Iowa State University.
Decentralised application placement.
Multi-objective method for divisible load scheduling in multi-level tree network.
New Horizons of Cloud Computing.
Secure hybrid-indexed search for high efficiency over keyword searchable ciphertexts.
Digital droplets: Microsoft SkyDrive forensic data remnants.
The OptIPortal, a scalable visualization, storage, and computing interface device for the OptiPuter.
An efficient online direction-preserving compression approach for trajectory streaming data.
MAX-MIN Ant System.
Insights from empirical studies of the software design process.
Profile-based application assignment for greener and more energy-efficient data centers.
StReD: A quality of security framework for storage resources in Data Grids.
A perspective of OSI standardization: Object-oriented architecture for distributed processing.
WAMM in the framework of graphical user interfaces for metacomputing management.
Convergence agent model for developing u-healthcare systems.
Distributed solutions for ubiquitous computing and ambient intelligence.
Supporting the application of Situated Cellular Agents in non-uniform spaces.
The logically instantaneous communication mode: a communication abstraction.
Independent checkpointing in a heterogeneous grid environment.
Why linked data is not enough for scientists.
Parallel iterative solvers for irregular sparse matrices in High Performance Fortran.
AI and space.
Methods for evaluating volunteers' contributions in a deforestation detection citizen science project.
Decreasing power consumption with energy efficient data aware strategies.
Adaptive scheduling under memory constraints on non-dedicated computationalfarms.
A self-adaptive scheduling algorithm for reduce start time.
The Internet Backplane Protocol: a study in resource sharing.
SMiLE: an integrated, multi-paradigm software infrastructure for SCI-basedclusters.
Managing the operator ordering problem in parallel databases.
OPTIMIS: A holistic approach to cloud service provisioning.
Dynamic QoS-aware data replication in grid environments based on data "importance".
Descriptive dynamic logic and its application to reflective architectures.
The Maple package SyNRAC and its application to robust control design.
NAUTA: A network administration utility for transputer architectures.
Special Section: Grid and Pervasive Computing 2009.
Performance evaluation of measurement data acquisition mechanisms in a distributed computing environment integrating remote laboratory instrumentation.
Special issue on eScience infrastructure and applications.
Decentralized approach to resource availability prediction using group availability in a P2P desktop grid.
Experience of parallel AI programming with parallel Lisp.
A multi-dimensional job scheduling.
Grid-enabled particle physics event analysis: experiences using a 10 Gb, high-latency network for a high-energy physics application.
A resource elasticity framework for QoS-aware execution of cloud applications.
Vector quantization: a weighted version for time-series forecasting.
Effective and efficient similarity search in scientific workflow repositories.
The PERMIS X.509 role based privilege management infrastructure.
Web object-based storage management in proxy caches.
RCT: A distributed tree for supporting efficient range and multi-attribute queries in grid computing.
Towards autonomic detection of SLA violations in Cloud infrastructures.
Two-level grammars for data conversions.
Key based data analytics across data centers considering bi-level resource provision in cloud computing.
The Grid Workloads Archive.
A survey of anomaly detection techniques in financial domain.
A user friendly mutual authentication and key agreement scheme for wireless sensor networks using chaotic maps.
Changing technologies of HPC.
Benchmarking the POMPC compiler on the Connection Machine CM-2.
A deductive system for proving workflow models from operational procedures.
Macroeconomics based Grid resource allocation.
Steering of sequential jobs with a distributed shared memory based model for online steering.
MPI-DDL: A distributed-data library for MPI.
From raw data to WWW compatible visualization and manipulation: Imaging human electric potentials.
Cloud Computing: Security, Privacy and Practice.
Optimal implementation of and-or parallel Prolog.
Cloud-based adaptive compression and secure management services for 3D healthcare data.
Parallelization of NAS benchmarks for shared memory multiprocessors.
Development of a model-based intelligent training system.
Distance-aware bloom filters: Enabling collaborative search for efficient resource discovery.
Towards greener data centers with storage class memory.
Black box scheduling for resource intensive virtual machine workloads with interference models.
A new technique for reducing the cost of integral equations in axisymmetric cases.
OptIPuter: Enabling advanced applications with novel optical control planes and backplanes.
Elastic Business Process Management: State of the art and open challenges for BPM in the cloud.
VMSLab-G: a virtual laboratory prototype for molecular science on the Grid.
Editorial.
Minimizing makespan for arbitrary size jobs with release times on P-batch machines with arbitrary capacities.
Routing direction determination in regular networks based on configurable circuits.
Colorectal tumour simulation using agent based modelling and high performance computing.
The road to multimedia.
A reference architecture for scientific virtual laboratories.
A high performance suite of data services for grids.
An energy consumption model for virtualized office environments.
Shortest-linkage-based parallel hierarchical clustering on main-belt moving objects of the solar system.
Definition, modelling and simulation of a grid computing scheduling system for high throughput computing.
Discovering phishing target based on semantic link network.
Characterizing workflow-based activity on a production e-infrastructure using provenance data.
Configuration and dynamic reconfiguration of components using the coordination paradigm.
Increasing task consolidation efficiency by using more accurate resource estimations.
A time-constrained SLA negotiation strategy in competitive computational grids.
A secure brokerage network for retail banking services.
Governing energy consumption in Hadoop through CPU frequency scaling: An analysis.
The Modeler's Workspace: a distributed digital library for neuroscience.
The optimized order 2 method : Application to convection-diffusion problems.
Dynamical models of ecosystems and epidemics.
Distributed data mining on Agent Grid: Issues, platform and development toolkit.
Computer graphics for water modeling and rendering: a survey.
Symbolic/numeric analysis of chaotic synchronization with a CAS.
Semantic-supported and agent-based decentralized grid resource discovery.
Multiple-combinational-channel: A network architecture for workload balance and deadlock free.
N-Expression implementations for integrated symbolic and numeric processing.
Ad-hoc aggregate query processing algorithms based on bit-store for query intensive applications in cloud computing.
Abnormal traffic-indexed state estimation: A cyber-physical fusion approach for Smart Grid attack detection.
Design and implementation of a trusted monitoring framework for cloud platforms.
Performance comparison under failures of MPI and MapReduce: An analytical approach.
Innovative methods and algorithms for advanced data-intensive computing.
Expanding the volunteer computing scenario: A novel approach to use parallel applications on volunteer computing.
Special Section: Third IEEE International Conference on e-Science and Grid Computing.
Crystallization on a sphere.
An economic and energy-aware analysis of the viability of outsourcing cluster computing to a cloud.
Some computational studies in molecular physics.
Understanding application-level interoperability: Scaling-out MapReduce over high-performance grids and clouds.
Attribute selection for modelling.
Performance evaluation of cache architectures in tightly coupled multiprocessor systems.
Electrosmog &amp; electromagnetic CAD.
Giving form to social cloud storage through experimentation: Issues and insights.
Building an OptIPlanet collaboratory to support microbial metagenomics.
The monitoring of inter-process communications in distributed systems.
Workflows and e-Science: An overview of workflow system features and capabilities.
Comparison of a cost-effective virtual cloud cluster with an existing campus cluster.
Global register alias table: Boosting sequential program on multi-core.
Layered Green Performance Indicators.
Transactional and QoS-aware dynamic service composition based on ant colony optimization.
Suitability of the time controlled environment for race detection in distributed applications.
The data playground: An intuitive workflow specification environment.
Distributed and collaborative visualization of large data sets using high-speed networks.
LAG: Achieving transparent access to legacy data by leveraging grid environment.
A high-speed memory organization for hybrid dataflow / von Neumann computing.
eScience today and tomorrow - Part 2.
A game-theoretic approach to the financial benefits of infrastructure-as-a-service.
Dynamic replication in a data grid using a Modified BHR Region Based Algorithm.
Origin-based fault-tolerant routing in the mesh.
Service level agreement as a complementary currency in peer-to-peer markets.
The NOVI information models.
Scaling to a million cores and beyond: Using light-weight simulation to understand the challenges ahead on the road to exascale.
Co-scheduling in Lambda Grid Systems by means of Ant Colony Optimization.
Massively parallel fault tolerant computations on syntactical patterns.
Search-based QoS ranking prediction for web services in cloud environments.
Naming and name resolution in the future internet: Introducing the NovaGenesis approach.
Anomaly detection and identification scheme for VM live migration in cloud infrastructure.
Power-aware code scheduling assisted with power gating and DVS.
From access and integration to mining of secure genomic data sets across the Grid.
Cloud enabled fractal based ECG compression in wireless body sensor networks.
An optimization-based adaptive resource management framework for economic Grids: A switching mechanism.
Accessing medical image file with co-allocation HDFS in cloud.
Scalability analysis of Dalton, a molecular structure program.
Flexible load distribution for hybrid distributed virtual environments.
Secure verifiable non-interactive oblivious transfer protocol using RSA and Bit commitment on distributed environment.
Debugging real-world data-parallel programs with SPiDER.
Learning of cellular neural networks.
Neural networks and computing.
A commodity market algorithm for pricing substitutable Grid resources.
Memory leakage-resilient searchable symmetric encryption.
High performance cloud computing.
Analysis of a trust model for SLA negotiation and enforcement in cloud markets.
Automatic faceted navigation.
Large-scale biological meta-database management.
Extending the SOA paradigm to e-Science environments.
Supercomputer simulation of self-gravitating media.
A scalable blackbox-oriented e-learning system based on desktop grid over private cloud.
Scheduling tasks of a parallel program in two-processor systems with use of cellular automata.
A methodology for the development and the support of massively parallel programs.
Provisioning data analytic workloads in a cloud.
End-to-end security scheme for mobility enabled healthcare Internet of Things.
Many-particle simulation of ameboid motility.
Design and implementation of GXP make - A workflow system based on make.
Design and analysis of a load balancing strategy in Data Grids.
Reliability-driven scheduling of time/cost-constrained grid workflows.
Advances in data-intensive modelling and simulation.
An efficient incremental marshaling framework for distributed systems.
Special section: Computer Supported Cooperative Work in Design.
AMROEBA: Computational astrophysics modeling enabled by dynamic lambda switching.
Future database technology: driving forces and directions.
On the symbiosis of memory and communication in the programming of parallel applications.
MediGRID: Towards a user friendly secured grid infrastructure.
A Stackelberg game to derive the limits of energy savings for the allocation of data center resources.
Low bandwidth desktop and video streaming for collaborative tiled display environments.
A lightweight attribute-based encryption scheme for the Internet of Things.
File-based replica management.
A lattice Boltzmann study of blood flow in stented aneurism.
GridR: An R-based tool for scientific data analysis in grid environments.
A knowledge-based directory assistance system.
G-lambda: Coordination of a Grid scheduler and lambda path service over GMPLS.
Using a private desktop grid system for accelerating drug discovery.
Network performance isolation for latency-sensitive cloud applications.
Techniques to reduce cluttering of RDF visualizations.
Communication performance of a message passing MIMD computer.
Cloud data integrity checking with an identity-based auditing mechanism from RSA.
Charlotte: Metacomputing on the Web.
Private aggregation for presence streams.
Preface.
High-speed inter-view frame mode decision procedure for multi-view video coding.
A service-oriented system for distributed data querying and integration on Grids.
Opening a University Fiber Highway between Mexico and the US.
Secure on-demand grid computing.
Special Issue on "Hybrid intelligence for growing internet and its applications".
Software development environments for massively parallel systems.
Interactive parallel simulations with the Jane framework.
Selected numerical algorithms.
Protection of software algorithms executed on secure modules.
OPTIMUM-AIV: A planning and scheduling system for spacecraft AIV.
Heterogeneous composition of models of computation.
Dynamic power management in energy-aware computer networks and data intensive computing systems.
Selecting the most fitting resource for task execution.
Real-time multi-scale brain data acquisition, assembly, and analysis using an end-to-end OptIPuter.
R<sup>2</sup> Trust, a reputation and risk based trust management framework for large-scale, fully decentralized overlay networks.
The invention of the universal electronic computer--how the Electronic Computer Revolution began.
A P2P strategy for QoS discovery and SLA negotiation in Grid environment.
A safety-focused verification using software fault trees.
Producing and streaming high resolution digital movies of microscopic subjects.
Toward dynamic and attribute based publication, discovery and selection for cloud computing.
Lattice gases and cellular automata.
Achieving high availability and performance computing with an HA-OSCAR cluster.
Neighborhood-based interference minimization for stable position-based routing in mobile ad hoc networks.
ATLAS grid workload on NDGF resources: Analysis, modeling, and workload generation.
Nature-inspired computation and communication: A formal approach.
Simulation of parallel systems: PSEE (Parallel System Evaluation Environment).
A QoS-driven approach for cloud computing addressing attributes of performance and security.
Allocating resources for customizable multi-tenant applications in clouds using dynamic feature placement.
VI architecture communication features and performance on the Giganet cluster LAN.
Distributed strategic interleaving with load balancing.
Controllable privacy preserving search based on symmetric predicate encryption in cloud storage.
Overview of the KOAN programming environment for the iPSC/2 and performance evaluation of the BECAUSE test program 2.51.
Granary: A sharing oriented distributed storage system.
Interactive simulation of contaminant evolution through porous media.
The Earth System Grid Federation: An open infrastructure for access to distributed geospatial data.
Analyzing synchronous and asynchronous parallel distributed genetic algorithms.
Magnetohydrodynamic spectroscopy: Large scale computation of the spectrum of waves in plasmas.
An evaluation of hardware-based and compiler-controlled optimizations of snooping cache protocols.
Scalable and elastic event matching for attribute-based publish/subscribe systems.
EEG analysis in a telemedical virtual world.
Leader election in d-dimensional CA in time diam log(diam).
Improving execution unit occupancy on SMT-based processors through hardware-aware thread scheduling.
A practical approach to the InterGroup protocols.
Cyber-Physical Society - The science and engineering for future society.
High Performance Computing and Networking Europe 1999.
Special Issue on Advanced Architectures for the Future Generation of Software-Intensive Systems.
Modeling user behavior data in systems of engagement.
Parallel and distributed implementation of large industrial applications.
A clustering method to distribute a database on a grid.
Special Section: QoS in Grid and Cloud.
Authorization of a QoS path based on generic AAA.
Analysis of approaches for supporting the Open Provenance Model: A case study of the Trident workflow workbench.
Linked provenance data: A semantic Web-based approach to interoperable workflow traces.
Proceedings of the conference on grand challenges to computational science: January 3-6, 1989 Molokai.
A novel framework for semantic entity identification and relationship integration in large scale text data.
Modeling and improving locality for the sparse-matrix-vector product on cache memories.
Dynamic replication algorithms for the multi-tier Data Grid.
Parameterisation to tailor commodity clusters to applications.
Developing resource consolidation frameworks for moldable virtual machines in clouds.
Model checking grid security.
High-performance road-vehicle optimised aerodynamic design: Application of parallel computing to car design.
The Japanese national Fifth Generation project: Introduction, survey, and evaluation.
Optimization of virtual resource management for cloud applications to cope with traffic burst.
Erratum to "Grid organizational memory - provision of a high-level Grid abstraction layer supported by ontology alignment" [Future Gener. Comput. Systems 23 (2007) 348-358].
Extending &#964;-Lop to model concurrent MPI communications in multicore clusters.
Special Section: Grid-enabling legacy applications and supporting end users.
Third Utrecht Computational Science Symposium.
The use of configurable computing for computational kernels in scientific simulations.
Probability-based reversible image authentication scheme for image demosaicking.
Perspectives of collaborative supercomputing and networking in European Aerospace research and industry.
Efficient and scalable quicksort on a linear array with a reconfigurable pipelined bus system.
Invocation of operations from script-based Grid applications.
Economic-based resource allocation for reliable Grid-computing service based on Grid Bank.
XML-based visual specification of multidisciplinary applications.
A semantic information system for services and traded resources in Grid e-markets.
Evolving processes and evolution schedulers for concurrent scheduling controls and parallel evolutionary computation.
Secure searches in the cloud: A survey.
The retrieval of motion event by associations of temporal frequent pattern growth.
The replicator coordination design pattern.
PadicoTM: an open integration framework for communication middleware and runtimes.
Parallel computing technologies.
Flow scheduling and endpoint rate control in GridNetworks.
NEPTUNE: A new expert planning tool for users in a network environment.
An advanced environment supporting structured parallel programming in Java.
Energy-credit scheduler: An energy-aware virtual machine scheduler for cloud systems.
Computational science in high schools: defining curricula and environments.
Adaptive interface selection over cloud-based split-layer video streaming via multi-wireless networks.
A mechanism for grid service composition behavior specification and verification.
Global serverless videoconferencing over IP.
Metacomputing across intercontinental networks.
Toward integrity assurance of outsourced computing - a game theoretic perspective.
Special section: Semantic grid and knowledge grid.
The development of an efficient checkpointing facility exploiting operating systems services of the GENESIS cluster operating system.
Design and implementation of secure e-mail system using elliptic curve cryptosystem.
Smart cyber society: Integration of capillary devices with high usability based on Cyber-Physical System.
Exploiting Cloud and Workflow Patterns for the Analysis of Composite Cloud Services.
The Aneka platform and QoS-driven resource provisioning for elastic applications on hybrid Clouds.
Lattice Boltzmann simulation of the flow interference in bluff body wakes.
On enumeration problems in Lie-Butcher theory.
A novel approach for distributed application scheduling based on prediction of communication events.
Comparison of vector and parallel implementations of the simulated annealing algorithm.
On-line distributed debugging on scalable multiprocessor architectures.
Static strategy and dynamic adjustment: An effective method for Grid task scheduling.
Compute and storage clouds using wide area high performance networks.
Internet-based Virtual Computing Environment: Beyond the data center as a computer.
A parallel multiple time-scale reversible integrator for dynamics simulation.
Grid organizational memory - provision of a high-level Grid abstraction layer supported by ontology alignment.
Special section: Grid/distributed computing systems security.
Meta-level selection techniques for the control of default reasoning.
On how Pachycondyla apicalis ants suggest a new search algorithm.
Development of the astronomical image archive and catalog database for production of GSC-II.
Lie group foliations: dynamical systems and integrators.
To the Readers of Future Generation Computer Systems.
A fault-tolerant parallel heuristic for assignment problems.
Large-scale incremental processing with MapReduce.
Hybrid reliable load balancing with MOSIX as middleware and its formal verification using process algebra.
SA<sup>3</sup>: Self-adaptive anonymous authentication for dynamic authentication policies.
Scheduling linear chain streaming applications on heterogeneous systems with failures.
Towards solution of the set-splitting problem on gel-based DNA computing.
A generic interface for parallel access to large data sets from HPF applications.
GECEM: A portal-based Grid application for computational electromagnetics.
Multi-cluster computing interconnection network performance modeling and analysis.
Decentralized data management framework for Data Grids.
An interdisciplinary virtual laboratory on nanoscience.
Pseudorandom number generation based on controllable cellular automata.
Towards an efficient single system image cluster operating system.
Approaches to decentralized control of job scheduling for homogeneous and heterogeneous parallel computer systems.
Boosting gLite with cloud augmented volunteer computing.
A heuristic algorithm for dynamic task scheduling in highly parallel computing systems.
Special section: Enhancing content networks with P2P, Grid and Agent technologies.
Predictive resource management for meta-applications.
Analysing environmental acoustic data through collaboration and automation.
A family of enhanced (L, alpha)-diversity models for privacy preserving data publishing.
Network-aware summarisation for resource discovery in P2P-content networks.
Building a virtual machine-room - a focal point in metacomputing.
Computational aspects in traffic simulation problems.
POPE - a parallel-operating prolog engine.
Structural operational semantics for AKL.
Digital provenance: Enabling secure data forensics in cloud computing.
A parallel block-preconditioned GCR method for incompressible flow problems.
Faster PDE-based simulations using robust composite linear solvers.
Scheduling concurrent applications on a cluster of CPU-GPU nodes.
GWpilot: Enabling multi-level scheduling in distributed infrastructures with GridWay and pilot jobs.
A kernel machine-based secure data sensing and fusion scheme in wireless sensor networks for the cyber-physical systems.
A theoretical approach to molecular batteries: C---C bonds functioning as electron shuttles.
FY 1986 research projects sponsored by the National Science Foundation.
Multi-symplectic integration methods for Hamiltonian PDEs.
Using wait-free synchronization in the design of distributed applications.
Analysis of file download time in peer-to-peer networks with stochastic and time-varying service capacities.
Monitoring and modelling tools for high performance database systems.
New security services based on PKI.
An ordered model combining dataflow with control flow and its implementation.
Special section: Biomedical and bioinformatics challenges to computer science.
Identity-based proxy re-encryption version 2: Making mobile access easy in cloud.
A metacomputing environment for demanding applications: design, implementation, experiments and business benefit.
Impact of pricing schemes on a market for Software-as-a-Service and perpetual software.
A new optimization phase for scientific workflow management systems.
Metacomputing experience in a transatlantic wide area application test-bed.
An irregular grid method for high-dimensional free-boundary problems in finance.
Cost-effective mobile ad hoc networks management.
Ontology development for run-time safety management methodology in Smart Work Environments using ambient knowledge.
Web-based simulation: Best of Websim99.
The DataTAG transatlantic testbed.
Programmable matter methods.
On a scheme for parallel sorting on heterogeneous clusters.
Assembly technology for parallel realization of numerical models on MIMD-multicomputers.
Cloud brokering mechanisms for optimized placement of virtual machines across multiple providers.
Three fundamental dimensions of scientific workflow interoperability: Model of computation, language, and execution environment.
Job placement advisor based on turnaround predictions for HPC hybrid clouds.
Special Section: Trusted computing.
A tenant-based resource allocation model for scaling Software-as-a-Service applications over cloud computing infrastructures.
Giving users an edge: A flexible Cloud model and its application for multimedia.
Energy-efficient and multifaceted resource management for profit-driven virtualized data centers.
Semantics, intelligent processing and services for big data.
Performance prediction of large MIMD systems for parallel neural network simulations.
Verifying a delegation protocol for grid systems.
Systematic macrostep debugging of message passing parallel programs.
Design and implementation of MPlambdaS network simulator.
QoS-aware query relaxation for service discovery with business rules.
Preface.
Control structures for data-parallel SIMD languages: semantics and implementation.
An adaptive energy-conserving strategy for parallel disk systems.
Using Python for large scale linear algebra applications.
A prototype of a highly parallel dataflow machine EM-4 and its preliminary evaluation.
Examination of load-balancing methods to improve efficiency of a composite materials manufacturing process simulation under uncertainty using distributed computing.
ECRC: A joint industrial research centre.
On neighbor-selection strategy in hybrid peer-to-peer networks.
Flame-MR: An event-driven architecture for MapReduce applications.
Special Section: Scalable information systems.
Adaptive resource configuration for Cloud infrastructure management.
A P2P computing system for overlay networks.
A DHT-based semantic overlay network for service discovery.
Unstructured CFD computations on the KSR-1: Preliminary results.
Multiple data parallelism with HPF and KeLP.
Bumper: Sheltering distributed transactions from conflicts.
A mobile crowd sensing ecosystem enabled by CUPUS: Cloud-based publish/subscribe middleware for the Internet of Things.
Three-dimensional visualization of fluid dynamics on the Responsive Workbench.
T-Alloc: A practical energy efficient resource allocation algorithm for traditional data centers.
Comparative trust management with applications: Bayesian approaches emphasis.
Supporting ubiquitous sensor-cloudlets and context-cloudlets: Programming compositions of context-aware systems for mobile users.
Oh behave! Agent-based behavioral representations in problem solving environments.
Dynamic mapping of cooperating tasks to nodes in a distributed system.
Special section: Security on grids and distributed systems.
Cluster computing.
Compression methods for visualization.
Computational Collective Intelligence with Big Data: Challenges and Opportunities.
Controlled generation of two-dimensional patterns based on Stochastic Cellular Automata.
PGGA: A predictable and grouped genetic algorithm for job scheduling.
A hybrid mechanism for resource/service discovery in ad-hoc grids.
Mining massive datasets by an unsupervised parallel clustering on a GRID: Novel algorithms and case study.
CCBKE - Session key negotiation for fast and secure scheduling of scientific applications in cloud computing.
Computation challenges in complex liquids: Entropy-driven phase transitions.
Distributed shared virtual memory on RISC System/6000 clusters and large scale computations: Two case studies.
Automatic extraction of face contours in images and videos.
Distributed simulation performance data mining.
A hierarchical virtual environment for a machine fault diagnostic application.
Multicomputer molecular dynamics.
A path finding implementation for multi-layer networks.
A threshold signature scheme for group communications without a shared distribution center.
Self-adjusting resource sharing policies in Federated Grids.
Programming tools for distributed multiprocessor computing environments.
Workload-aware incremental repartitioning of shared-nothing distributed databases for scalable OLTP applications.
Federation of TeraGrid, EGEE and OSG infrastructures through a metascheduler.
Hardware-software collaboration for dark silicon heterogeneous many-core systems.
An optimal and stable feature selection approach for traffic classification based on multi-criterion fusion.
Transforming MPI source code based on communication patterns.
Self-organizing multivariate constrained meta-modeling technique for passive microwave and RF components.
Exploiting geospatial and chronological characteristics in data streams to enable efficient storage and retrievals.
A Jacobi-Davidson-type projection method for nonlinear eigenvalue problems.
Special section on workflow systems and applications in e-Science.
A service oriented architecture for decision support systems in environmental crisis management.
The Autopilot performance-directed adaptive control system.
A multiple parallel download scheme with server throughput and client bandwidth considerations for data grids.
Capacity planning and scheduling in Grid computing environments.
Real-time long-distance transfer of uncompressed 4K video for remote collaboration.
The connection machine opportunity for the implementation of a concurrent functional language.
A Service-Oriented Architecture enabling dynamic service grouping for optimizing distributed workflow execution.
Direct approaches to exploit many-core architecture in bioinformatics.
The INFN-Grid Testbed.
Addressing cloud computing security issues.
Distributed data mining on the grid.
Entangled cloud storage.
Simple individual based models of movement, alignment and schooling behaviour.
Semantic-based authorization architecture for Grid.
The impact of supercomputing capabilities on U.S. materials science and technology.
International real-time streaming of 4K digital cinema.
Assessment of SDN technology for an easy-to-use VPN service.
Parallelization of plasma simulation codes: gridless finite size particle versus particle in cell approach.
Crystal Voronoi diagram and its applications.
DiVers: An erasure code based storage architecture for versioning exploiting sparsity.
New method for scheduling heterogeneous multi-installment systems.
A security and cost aware scheduling algorithm for heterogeneous tasks of scientific workflow in clouds.
Compromise through USB-based Hardware Trojan Horse device.
MeikUS 92.
Special Section: Future Generation Information Technology.
SPARC: A scalable processor architecture.
A text based indexing system for mammographic image retrieval and classification.
OPIOM: Off-Processor I/O with Myrinet.
Debugging scientific applications in the .NET Framework.
COWB: A cloud-based framework supporting collaborative knowledge management within biomedical communities.
Impact of user patience on auto-scaling resource capacity for cloud services.
Security enhancement on an improvement on two remote user authentication schemes using smart cards.
Teraflows over Gigabit WANs with UDT.
A hierarchical disk scheduler for multimedia systems.
A perspective of HPCN requirements in the European Aerospace Industry.
Matchmaking semantic security policies in heterogeneous clouds.
Javelin: Parallel computing on the internet.
High-Performance Computing and Networking Europe 1998.
On the <i>l</i><sub>1</sub> Procrustes problem.
SE-TC2: Telecom 2 expert system (The first expert system in a CNES Satellite Control Centre).
The expressive power of parallelism.
A taxonomy of grid monitoring systems.
Adaptive heterogeneous language support within a cloud runtime.
Smoothing approach to alleviate the meager rating problem in collaborative recommender systems.
Automated configuration support for infrastructure migration to the cloud.
Modeling and traffic analysis of the adaptive rate transport protocol.
Sequence Clustering-based Automated Rule Generation for Adaptive Complex Event Processing.
Structure preservation: a challenge in computational control.
Automated scientific software scripting with SWIG.
Application of an expert system to blast furnace operation.
A high performance simulator of the immune response.
Grand challenges in computational science: Simulations on biological macromolecules.
A two-way BSP algorithm for tridiagonal systems.
Highly interactive distributed visualization.
Specification-correct and scalable coordination of Grid applications.
IaaS reserved contract procurement optimisation with load prediction.
Supervised chromosome clustering and image classification.
Intelligent big data processing.
Towards a framework for governance architecture management in cloud environments: A semantic perspective.
Active rule learning using decision tree for resource management in Grid computing.
Common motifs in scientific workflows: An empirical analysis.
A new efficient approach for mining uncertain frequent patterns using minimum data structure without false positives.
Airport simulation using CORBA and DIS.
A hybrid particle/continuum model for micro-organism motility.
Exploiting fine-grain parallelism in the H.264 deblocking filter by operation reordering.
Two strategies in parallel computing: Porting existing software versus developing new parallel algorithms - two examples.
Exploiting performance counters to predict and improve energy performance of HPC systems.
The Open Provenance Model core specification (v1.1).
Recent advances in e-Science.
The serial performance standards for the BBS test program.
SLA enactment for large-scale healthcare workflows on multi-Cloud.
Performance evaluation of a list scheduling algorithm in distributed memory multiprocessor systems.
Semantic-based QoS management in cloud systems: Current status and future challenges.
State of the art: Dynamic symbolic execution for automated test generation.
Improving network performance on multicore systems: Impact of core affinities on high throughput flows.
High-performance computing and communications.
Scheduling online mixed-parallel workflows of rigid tasks in heterogeneous multi-cluster environments.
A modular meta-scheduling architecture for interfacing with pre-WS and WS Grid resource management services.
ClowdFlows: Online workflows for distributed big data mining.
Deadline-constrained workflow scheduling algorithms for Infrastructure as a Service Clouds.
Applying Mathematica and webMathematica to graph coloring.
GMPLS-based service differentiation for scalable QoS support in all-optical Grid applications.
The state of the art of knowledge engineering at five Japanese Research Institutes - a travel report.
Inference and reflection in the object-centered representation language NOOS.
Probabilistic parallel programming based on multiset transformation.
GSiB: PSE infrastructure for dynamic service-oriented Grid applications.
Playing with state-based models for designing better algorithms.
Algorithms for solving numerical linear algebra problems on supercomputers.
Processor self-scheduling for parallel loops in preemptive environments.
Healing on the cloud: Secure cloud architecture for medical wireless sensor networks.
A hybrid heuristic queue based algorithm for task assignment in mobile cloud.
An initial evaluation of the Convex SPP-1000 for earth and space science applications.
The GRED graphical editor for the GRADE parallel program development environment.
A GridWay-based autonomic network-aware metascheduler.
A logical-time-based approach to decentralised resource allocation in distributed systems.
Expert systems: Strategic implications and applications : by A.C. Beerel (Ellis Horwood and Wiley, Chichester, 1987) 173 pp., price: &#163;22.50.
Dual-Level Key Management for secure grid communication in dynamic and hierarchical groups.
Rarefied gas flow computational with a 3D unstructured mesh on a Connection Machine (CM2).
Communication performance optimisation requires minimising variance.
A new grid resource management mechanism with resource-aware policy administrator for SLA-constrained applications.
Protecting the consistency of workflow applications in collaborative development environments.
Preface to the special issue on volunteer computing and desktop grids.
Special section: Parallel and distributed algorithms and systems.
Controlling a complex electromechanical process on the basis of a neurofuzzy approach.
Link-time effective whole-program optimizations.
Distributed computation of transient state distributions and passage time quantiles in large semi-Markov models.
A decentralized model for scheduling independent tasks in Federated Grids.
Special section: SPEEDUP Workshop on Modern algorithms in computational science and information technology.
Multi-QoS constrained and Profit-aware scheduling approach for concurrent workflows on heterogeneous systems.
QoS analysis of medium access control in LR-WPANs under bursty error channels.
CineGrid Exchange: A workflow-based peta-scale distributed storage platform on a high-speed network.
Energy efficient scheduling of real-time tasks on multi-core processors with voltage islands.
Cost optimized provisioning of elastic resources for application workflows.
On the improvement of Fermat factorization using a continued fraction technique.
Fixed-point neural independent component analysis algorithms on the orthogonal group.
Guest editors' introduction: Special issue on Cluster, Grid, and Cloud Computing.
Virtual engineering of multi-disciplinary applications and the significance of seamless accessibility of geometry data.
Design of a provably secure biometrics-based multi-cloud-server authentication scheme.
Grid Authorization Graph.
Multiresolution and hierarchical methods for the visualization of volume data.
Balancing energy consumption with mobile agents in wireless sensor networks.
Mobile cloud-based physical activity advisory system using biofeedback sensors.
Handling 16 instructions per cycle in a superscalar processor.
Performance issues of an HPF-like compiler.
Ontological user modelling and semantic rule-based reasoning for personalisation of Help-On-Demand services in pervasive environments.
Optimal task partition and distribution in grid service system with common cause failures.
Enhancing grid capabilities: IBP over IPv6.
Creating an adaptive embedded system by applying multi-agent techniques to reconfigurable hardware.
On function languages and parallel computers.
DTA: Dynamic topology algorithms in content-based Publish/Subscribe.
Optimizing peer selection in BitTorrent networks with genetic algorithms.
Exploiting cluster networks for distributed object groups and collective operations.
ProFID: Practical frequent items discovery in peer-to-peer networks.
An auction method for resource allocation in computational grids.
Prediction-based real-time resource provisioning for massively multiplayer online games.
DynamicCloudSim: Simulating heterogeneity in computational clouds.
Using historical accounting information to predict the resource usage of grid jobs.
Combine concept of agent and service to build distributed object-oriented system.
Experience porting Mach to the RP3 large-scale shared-memory multiprocessor.
Fault-tolerant virtual cluster experiments on federated sites using BonFIRE.
Visualizing evolving scalar phenomena.
The data access layer in the GRelC system architecture.
Distributed particle simulation method on adaptive collaborative system.
Self-Timed Cellular Automata and their computational ability.
Guest editorial.
Comparative analysis of architectures for monitoring cloud computing infrastructures.
Distributed usage logging for federated Grids.
Special issue: Energy-efficiency in large distributed computing architectures.
Achieving high job execution reliability using underutilized resources in a computational economy.
A parallel 2-opt algorithm for the Traveling Salesman Problem.
An integrated implementation of prolog database operations.
The NCSA astronomy digital image library: from data archiving to data publishing.
High reliable real-time bandwidth scheduling for virtual machines with hidden Markov predicting in telehealth platform.
An intelligent on-line help system: ASSIST.
Similarity-based behavior and process mining of medical practices.
Giga-stack: A method for visualizing giga-pixel layered imagery on massively tiled displays.
Transport vehicle crash, safety and manufacturing simulation in the perspective of high performance computing and networking.
Structural dynamical systems in linear algebra and control: computational aspects.
The feasibility of a general-purpose parallel computer using WSI.
Practical algorithms for execution engine selection in data flows.
A grid portal for solving geoscience problems using distributed knowledge discovery services.
Modeling and performance analysis of large scale IaaS Clouds.
Intelligent information systems for production management in agriculture and horticulture.
The design of a microkernel application platform for shop-floor automation extended abstract.
Perspectives on high performance network computing.
LOCCS: Low overhead communication and computation subroutines.
dragon: Multidimensional range queries on distributed aggregation trees.
Internet of Things (IoT): A vision, architectural elements, and future directions.
A dependable Peer-to-Peer computing platform.
A comparative study of Dirichlet and Neumann conditions for path planning through harmonic functions.
Logging kernel events on clusters.
ES/SDEM Software development engineering methodology for expert systems.
Tailoring consistency in group membership for mobile networks.
Efficient reuse of replicated parallel data segments in computational grids.
Implementation and performance of a complex vision system on a systolic array machine.
Workload balancing and adaptive resource management for the swift storage system on cloud.
Efficient processing of integrity constraints in deductive databases.
Practical aspects of parallel scientific computing.
Real-time event detection for online behavioral analysis of big social data.
An impression of the research activities of MCC in the area of data- and knowledge base systems - a travel report.
The PLFG parallel pseudo-random number generator.
Message-passing environments for metacomputing.
Dynamic resource selection heuristics for a non-reserved bidding-based Grid environment.
Development of efficient computational kernels and linear algebra routines for out-of-order superscalar processors.
A decentralized resource allocation policy in minigrid.
Risk driven Smart Home resource management using cloud services.
Tri-continental premiere of 4K feature movie via network streaming at FILE 2009.
Cooperative control of multicast-based streaming on-demand systems.
Modelling the weekly electricity demand caused by electric cars.
Modeling and analyzing the impact of authorization on workflow executions.
Secure cooperative access control on grid.
Home-based Cooperative Cache for parallel I/O applications.
A hybrid model for cloud providers and consumers to agree on QoS of cloud services.
VisGenome with CartoonPlus: Supporting large scale genomic analyses via physical space deformation.
Multi-domain Lambda Grid data portal for collaborative Grid applications.
Parallel creation of non-redundant gene indices from partial mRNA transcripts.
Computing with proteins in a dynamic regime.
Parallel adaptive wavelet analysis.
An efficient adaptive scheduling policy for high-performance computing.
Cyber-physical systems technologies and application - Part II.
USEE: A uniform data dissemination and energy efficient protocol for communicating materials.
State-based search strategy in unstructured P2P.
The role of modeling in computational science education.
A grid-enabled software distributed shared memory system on a wide area network.
Dynamic tuning of the workload partition factor and the resource utilization in data-intensive applications.
Towards provably secure proxy signature scheme based on Isomorphisms of Polynomials.
Utility-driven adaptive query workload execution.
Cellular-neural automaton: a hybrid model for reaction-diffusion simulation.
Experience with a clustered parallel reduction machine.
A static analysis for Bulk Synchronous Parallel ML to avoid parallel nesting.
SAGE-based Tiled Display Wall enhanced with dynamic routing functionality triggered by user interaction.
Modeling and simulating animal grouping : Individual-based models.
Special section: Paradigms for scalable and dependable grids.
Special section: Information engineering and enterprise architecture in distributed computing environments.
Simplified implementation of medical image processing algorithms into a grid using a workflow management system.
Design and evaluation of an efficient proportional-share disk scheduling algorithm.
Multicenter data sharing for collaboration in sleep medicine.
Object-oriented databases for new applications.
Agents, clusters and components: A synergistic approach to the GSP.
BioSim--a biomedical character-based problem solving environment.
An analytical model of adaptive wormhole routing with time-out.
Design and implementation of adaptive power-aware virtual machine provisioner (APA-VMP) using swarm intelligence.
Design and implementation of live image file feeding to dome theaters.
GMBS: A new middleware service for making grids interoperable.
Distributed multipliers in MWM for analyzing job arrival processes in massive HPC workload datasets.
The SuperJANET project.
Decentralized cloud datacenter reconsolidation through emergent and topology-aware behavior.
GJMF - a composable service-oriented grid job management framework.
Distributed scheduling with probabilistic and fuzzy classifications of processes.
Virtual Computer Project "Delivering content in a VRML world".
Usage Control on Cloud systems.
Automatic maintenance of category hierarchy.
An argument for simple COMA.
Efficient consolidation-aware VCPU scheduling on multicore virtualization platform.
Job monitoring and steering in D-Grid's High Energy Physics Community Grid.
A hierarchical and reflective framework for synchronization and scheduling controls.
Virtual biochemistry - a case study.
CHIMP and PUL: Support for portable parallel computing.
Recording the control flow of parallel applications to determine iterative and phase-based behavior.
Multi-GPU-based detection of protein cavities using critical points.
Reorganization and discovery of grid information with epidemic tuning.
Towards building a social emotion detection system for online news.
A predicate-ordered logic for knowledge representation on the web.
Efficient service cache management in mobile P2P networks.
The brighter side of risks in peer-to-peer barter relationships.
FORK: A high-level language for PRAMs.
Application of Grid computing for designing a class of optimal periodic nonuniform sampling sequences.
Special Section D-Grid.
VLBI_UDP: An application for transporting VLBI data using the UDP protocol.
Early experiences with the GridFTP protocol using the GRB-GSIFTP library.
A note on new trends in data-aware scheduling and resource provisioning in modern HPC systems.
Resource discovery and allocation for federated virtualized infrastructures.
A cloud-integrated web platform for marine monitoring using GIS and remote sensing. Application to oil spill detection through SAR images.
A survey of dynamic replication strategies for improving data availability in data grids.
On the semantics of &#956; Log.
Spectral calculations in magnetohydrodynamics using the Jacobi-Davidson method.
Bayesian Coalition Game for Contention-Aware Reliable Data Forwarding in Vehicular Mobile Cloud.
Job- and resource-management systems in heterogeneous clusters.
Mapping uniform recurrences onto small size arrays.
Learning to detect texture objects by artificial immune approaches.
Cellular automata.
Use of the TRIPOD overlay network for resource discovery.
A performance model of non-deterministic particle transport on large-scale systems.
An evaluation of the FGCS data &amp; knowledge base system - expectations and achievements.
An artificial immune system model for intelligent agents.
Recent numerical methods - A challenge for efficient visualization.
Combining the power of high speed computer systems and efficient algorithms.
Investigations of automatic methods for detecting the polymorphic worms signatures.
Charging and accounting in high-speed networks.
A machine-learning approach to ranking RDF properties.
MUSCLE-HPC: A new high performance API to couple multiscale parallel applications.
Direct and large-eddy simulations of turbulence in fluids.
Stochastic modeling of dynamic right-sizing for energy-efficiency in cloud data centers.
A distributed architecture of Sensing Web for sharing open sensor nodes.
CPRS: A cloud-based program recommendation system for digital TV platforms.
Strategies for the implementation of the BBS communication tests on the supernode and their implications for efficiency.
Adaptive energy efficient scheduling in Peer-to-Peer desktop grids.
WSN in cyber physical systems: Enhanced energy management routing approach using software agents.
Feedforward backpropagation artificial neural networks on reconfigurable meshes.
Unsteady flow in a 2D elastic tube with the LBGK method.
High performance scientific computing by a parallel cellular environment.
Performance effects of program structures on a snoop-cached multiprocessor system.
Simulation tools to study a distributed shared memory for clusters of symmetric multiprocessors.
Model-driven provisioning of application services in hybrid computing environments.
On the use of VRML in educational software: Experiences from the project: JIMM Problem Solver.
Simulating two-dimensional thermal channel flows by means of a lattice Boltzmann method with new boundary conditions.
The contours of a human individual model based empathetic u-pillbox system for humanistic geriatric healthcare.
Cybermatics: Cyber-physical-social-thinking hyperspace based science and technology.
SIMBEX: a portal for the a priori simulation of crossed beam experiments.
Highly privacy-protecting data sharing in a tree structure.
Merging, sorting and matrix operations on the SOME-Bus multiprocessor architecture.
Towards a data processing plane: An automata-based distributed dynamic data processing model.
Should robots have nuclear arms? AI technology and SDI software.
Discrete-event simulation on the Internet and the Web.
Integrating QoS awareness with virtualization in cloud computing systems for delay-sensitive applications.
Efficient data consolidation in grid networks and performance analysis.
A parallel 2-d hydrodynamic FORTRAN code for astrophysical applications on a Meiko computing surface.
Optimizing Web Service messaging performance in mobile computing.
Distributed meta-scheduling in lambda grids by means of Ant Colony Optimization.
Visualizing large-scale human collaboration in Wikipedia.
A Load-balancing method for network GISs in a heterogeneous cluster-based system using access density.
A scalable authorization approach for the Globus grid system.
Security enhancement of cloud servers with a redundancy-based fault-tolerant cache structure.
Bringing combined interaction to a problem solving environment for vascular reconstruction.
Sequential in-core sorting performance for a SQL data service and for parallel sorting on heterogeneous clusters.
Convert2Java: semi-automatic conversion of C to Java.
Challenges and research directions for heterogeneous cyber-physical system based on IEC 61850: Vulnerabilities, security requirements, and security architecture.
A business-oriented Cloud federation model for real-time applications.
Grids with multiple batch systems for performance enhancement of multi-component and parameter sweep parallel applications.
An approach based on citation analysis to support effective handling of regulatory compliance.
Fast dynamic internet mapping.
SLA guarantees for cloud services.
Optical link in the Delft Parallel Processor - an example of MOMI-connection in MIMD-supercomputers.
When self-stabilization meets real platforms: An experimental study of a peer-to-peer service discovery system.
Surface reconstruction from scan paths.
Mobile crowdsensing as a service: A platform for applications on top of sensing Clouds.
ATOS - An AI-based space mission operations system.
Implementation of a cell-vertex FV code for turbulent transonic flows on a Meiko computing surface.
JACEP2P-V2: A fully decentralized and fault tolerant environment for executing parallel iterative asynchronous applications on volatile distributed architectures.
DLM - a powerful ai computer for embedded expert systems.
GriF: A new collaborative framework for a web service approach to grid empowered calculations.
Improving the performance of Federated Digital Library services.
A Recursively-Adjusting Co-allocation scheme with a Cyber-Transformer in Data Grids.
Advantages of complex SQL types in storing XML documents.
Online scheduling of workflow applications in grid environments.
Searching for Backbones--a high-performance parallel algorithm for solving combinatorial optimization problems.
UNIX on a loosely coupled architecture: The CHORUS/MiX approach.
Resisting free-riding behavior in BitTorrent.
A new model of security for metasystems.
A reliable recommendation and privacy-preserving based cross-layer reputation mechanism for mobile cloud computing.
ARIANEXPERT: A knowledge based system to analyze ARIANE's mission data.
Distributed computing for carbon footprint reduction by exploiting low-footprint energy availability.
Commutator-free Lie group methods.
MRA++: Scheduling and data placement on MapReduce for heterogeneous environments.
Real-time performance analysis for publish/subscribe systems.
Multi-cost job routing and scheduling in Grid networks.
MiPeG: A middleware infrastructure for pervasive grids.
Harmonizing architectural decisions with component view models using reusable architectural knowledge transformations and constraints.
Using CORBA middleware in finite element software.
Singular value decomposition of time-varying matrices.
Cluster file systems: a case study.
Tools for program development and analysis.
The QuarkNet/Grid Collaborative Learning e-Lab.
Using CSP languages to program parallel workstation systems.
Resource trading using cognitive agents: A hybrid perspective and its simulation.
A dynamic load balancing system for parallel cluster computing.
AusPlots Rangelands field data collection and publication: Infrastructure for ecological monitoring.
Simulation of metal forming processes with respect to MPP-systems.
Load balancing by redundant decomposition and mapping.
Decentralized scalable fairshare scheduling.
PDG: A process-level debugger for concurrent programs in the GRAPE parallel programming environment.
Application skeletons: Construction and use in eScience.
Implementation of a medical image file accessing system in co-allocation data grids.
A novel multi-agent reinforcement learning approach for job scheduling in Grid computing.
Performance evaluation of NoSQL big-data applications using multi-formalism models.
FPM: Four-factors Propagation Model for passive P2P worms.
CineGrid: Super high definition media over optical networks.
Transfer, processing and distribution of cosmic ray data from Tibet.
MARIANE: Using MApReduce in HPC environments.
Ant algorithms and stigmergy.
A performance and energy optimization mechanism for cooperation-oriented multiple server clusters.
P-CAM: a framework for parallel complex systems simulations.
Characterizing fault tolerance in genetic programming.
Recent work in utility and cloud computing.
Using automatic differentiation to compute derivatives for a quantum-chemical computer program.
A distributed algorithm for ordered, atomic and simultaneous group communication.
Special Section on Terascale Computing.
Role mining using answer set programming.
A hybrid HPC/cloud distributed infrastructure: Coupling EC2 cloud resources with HPC clusters to run large tightly coupled multiscale applications.
Dynamic traffic assignment on parallel computers in TRANSIMS.
Generating trusted graphs for trust evaluation in online social networks.
Towards a federated Metropolitan Area Grid environment: The SCoPE network-aware infrastructure.
Formal, model-oriented software development methods: From VDM to ProCoS &amp; from RAISE to LaCoS.
The Role of ESLEA in the development of eVLBI.
HyO-XTM: a set of hyper-graph operations on XML Topic Map toward knowledge management.
SubSift web services and workflows for profiling and comparing scientists and their published works.
JoiN: The implementation of a Java-based massively parallel grid.
Mapping tasks onto nodes: a parallel local neighborhood approach.
S-ABC: A paradigm of service domain-oriented artificial bee colony algorithms for service selection and composition.
Towards minimizing disk I/O contention: A partitioned file assignment approach.
Particle motion simulation - a parallel distributed workstation application for real-time.
Key management in a non-trusted distributed environment.
Remote real-time collaboration through synchronous exchange of digitised human-workpiece interactions.
Fractional dual tree complex wavelet transform and its application to biometric security during communication and transmission.
Embedded systems for global e-Social Science: Moving computation rather than data.
Special section: OptIPlanet - The OptIPuter global collaboratory.
Top-k followee recommendation over microblogging systems by exploiting diverse information sources.
Creating optimal cloud storage systems.
DINCast: a hop efficient dynamic multicast infrastructure for P2P computing.
A service-oriented WSRF-based architecture for metascheduling on computational Grids.
Creating standardized products for electronic markets.
Adaptive grid job scheduling with genetic algorithms.
Parallel computing problems and nature-inspired solutions.
Sigma system: Concepts and structure.
GRIDS - A programming system for grid-based technical and scientific applications on parallel systems.
Predictability: some thoughts on modeling.
Porting a three-dimensional semiconductor device modelling program to the Intel iPSC/860 hypercube.
Scaling applications to massively parallel machines using Projections performance analysis tool.
Keystroke dynamics as a biometric for authentication.
Provably secure robust optimistic fair exchange of distributed signatures.
A novel bartering exchange ring based incentive mechanism for peer-to-peer systems.
The schema theory for semantic link network.
Network interface active messages for low overhead communication on SMP PC clusters.
LAIOS: a parallel execution of PROLOG by data copies.
HARNESS fault tolerant MPI design, usage and performance issues.
A taxonomy and survey on Green Data Center Networks.
A comparative workload-based methodology for performance evaluation of parallel computers.
TeleEEG: A telemedical software package for EEG.
Dynamic radiosity shadows for interactive virtual environments.
A stochastic scheduling algorithm for precedence constrained tasks on Grid.
Modeling and Management of Big Data: Challenges and opportunities.
QoS-based storage resources provisioning for grid applications.
Toward natural multi-user interaction in advanced collaborative display environments.
Using the parallel algebraic recursive multilevel solver in modern physical applications.
A recursive architecture for hierarchical grid resource management.
Optimizing the BitTorrent performance using an adaptive peer selection strategy.
A middleware architecture to facilitate distributed programming: DAROC: Data-Activated Replicated Object Communications.
A general scalable and accurate decentralized level monitoring method for large-scale dynamic service provision in hybrid clouds.
FRDT: Footprint Resource Discovery Tree for grids.
In-network redundancy generation for opportunistic speedup of data backup.
Workflow-based resource allocation to optimize overall performance of composite services.
MultiGrain/MAPPER: A distributed multiscale computing approach to modeling and simulating gene regulation networks.
A scalable thread scheduling co-processor based on data-flow principles.
Sliding window based weighted erasable stream pattern mining for stream data applications.
Monte Carlo grid for financial risk management.
Continuous interacting ant colony algorithm based on dense heterarchy.
A parallel hybrid genetic algorithm for protein structure prediction on the computational grid.
N-MAP - an environment for the performance oriented development process of efficient distributed programs.
PEI: A simple unifying model to design parallel programs.
Towards OGSA compatibility in the H2O metacomputing framework.
An Atmospheric Sciences Workflow and its implementation with Web Services.
Scholarly primitives: Building institutional infrastructure for humanities e-Science.
Preference-based mining of top-K influential nodes in social networks.
Performance optimization of distributed applications in an extensible, adaptive environment.
Flat and hierarchical epidemics in P2P systems: Energy cost models and analysis.
Load balancing for heterogeneous clusters of PCs.
Differential approaches for computing Euclidean diagonal norm balanced realizations in control theory.
Editorial: Special Issue on Extreme Scale Parallel Architectures and Systems.
Distributed semantic document retrieval using O-FCN.
Nursing informatics education for the next millenium.
A VLSI implementation of an architecture for applicative programming.
Global, geometric, and feature-based techniques for vector field visualization.
Scheduling parameter sweep workflow in the Grid based on resource competition.
The global lambda visualization facility: An international ultra-high-definition wide-area visualization collaboratory.
Fault tolerant high performance Information Services for dynamic collections of Grid and Web services.
An analysis of update ordering in distributed replication systems.
OVM: Out-of-order execution parallel virtual machine.
Fusing audio vocabulary with visual features for pornographic video detection.
Combining quality of services path first routing and admission control to support VoIP traffic.
Scatter/Gather browsing of web service QoS data.
Resource allocation on computational grids using a utility model and the knapsack problem.
Normal vector compression of 3D mesh model based on clustering and relative indexing.
Building an open source cloud environment with auto-scaling resources for executing bioinformatics and biomedical workflows.
ROST: Remote and hot service deployment with trustworthiness in CROWN Grid.
Distributed policy-based management of measurement-based traffic engineering: design and implementation.
Digital library interoperability at high level of abstraction.
Hierarchical branch and bound algorithm for computational grids.
System-level virtualization research at Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
Editorial.
Resource management in distributed systems.
Special Issue: Recent Advances in Parallel and Distributed Systems, ICPADS 2012 Selected Papers.
Special section: Federated resource management in grid and cloud computing systems.
Hybrid intelligence aspects of programming in *AIDA algorithmic pictures.
Rule-based visualization in the Discover computational steering collaboratory.
Simulation studies on the performance of an organizational model for graph reduction.
Task profiling model for load profile prediction.
Mobile cloud-based depression diagnosis using an ontology and a Bayesian network.
Ninf and PM: Communication libraries for global computing and high-performance cluster computing.
Assessment of the effectiveness of support vector machines for hyperspectral data.
"Applications on demand" as the exploitation of the Migrating Desktop.
Load-balancing data prefetching techniques.
Programming the Grid with POP-C ++.
Developing a software interface for the dynamically reconfigurable SuperNode multiprocessor.
Boosting analyses in the life sciences via clusters, grids and clouds.
Efficient shared-memory support for parallel graph reduction.
Designing and evaluating an active grid architecture.
CTDNet III-An eager reduction model with laziness features.
Privacy-preserving multi-hop profile-matching protocol for proximity mobile social networks.
A multiple-perspective approach to constructing and aggregating Citation Semantic Link Network.
Middleware enhancements for metropolitan area wireless Internet access.
Towards applying content-based image retrieval in the clinical routine.
Accelerating incremental checkpointing for extreme-scale computing.
New and efficient conditional e-payment systems with transferability.
Towards a reference architecture for the design of mobile shared workspaces.
A scalable virtual environment for large scale scientific data analysis.
A survey of scheduling metrics and an improved ordering policy for list schedulers operating on workloads with dependencies and a wide variation in execution times.
Coherent triplet and singlet states in tubulin dynamics.
Autonomic metered pricing for a utility computing service.
VLADYMIR--a C++ matrix library for data-parallel applications.
VRML - enhanced learning in biology and medicine.
Using imbalance metrics to optimize task clustering in scientific workflow executions.
On the powerful use of simulations in the Quake-Catcher Network to efficiently position low-cost earthquake sensors.
The laser interferometer gravitational-wave observatory scientific data archive.
COSHH: A classification and optimization based scheduler for heterogeneous Hadoop systems.
Efficient distributed monitoring with active Collaborative Prediction.
Scaling issues in large PKI communities.
Hydrodynamic properties of fractal aggregates in 2D using Lattice Boltzmann simulation.
Distributed smart disks for I/O-intensive workloads on switched interconnects.
Using zero configuration technology for IP addressing in optical networks.
A potential HTTP-based application-level attack against Tor.
Flexible performance visualization of parallel and distributed applications.
BBS results for the iPSC/2 and iPSC/860.
An adaptive per-application storage management scheme based on manifold learning in information centric networks.
Some Recent Advances in Utility and Cloud Computing.
Non-cooperative games on multidimensional resource allocation.
Implementation and evaluation of update-based cache protocols under relaxed memory consistency models.
Query-driven indexing for scalable peer-to-peer text retrieval.
Simulation of SLA-based VM-scaling algorithms for cloud-distributed applications.
Bacteria foraging optimization for protein sequence analysis on the grid.
Service level agreement based adaptive Grid superscheduling.
A type-theoretic approach for program development.
A DSM-based fragmented data sharing framework for grids.
Parallel distributed seismic migration.
Network mobility support for Web Service-based Grids through the Session Initiation Protocol.
The user in the loop: Enabling user participation for self-adaptive applications.
VR in medicine: Virtual colonoscopy.
Bandwidth-aware energy efficient flow scheduling with SDN in data center networks.
Provably secure authenticated key agreement scheme for distributed mobile cloud computing services.
A three-dimensional model of cell movement in multicellular systems.
Grid enabled, hierarchical distributed metamodel-assisted evolutionary algorithms for aerodynamic shape optimization.
Group-based Parallel Multi-scheduler for Grid computing.
Educational use of VRML and Java in agent-based AI and computer graphics.
OSLN: An Object-Oriented Semantic Link Network language for complex object description and operation.
The GF11 parallel computer: Programming and performance.
A novel algorithm for dynamic task scheduling.
A secure and scalable storage system for aggregate data in IoT.
A scalable key management and clustering scheme for wireless ad hoc and sensor networks.
A layered workflow knowledge Grid/P2P architecture and its models for future generation workflow systems.
CAMP: Community Access MODIS Pipeline.
An interoperable and self-adaptive approach for SLA-based service virtualization in heterogeneous Cloud environments.
The network infrastructure at iGrid2005: Lambda networking in action.
Energy-aware service allocation.
Trajectory ontology inference considering domain and temporal dimensions - Application to marine mammals.
Achieving Accountable MapReduce in cloud computing.
Securing heap memory by data pointer encoding.
A high-order fuzzy time series forecasting model for internet stock trading.
Protecting grids from cross-domain attacks using security alert sharing mechanisms.
Using B SP and Python to simplify parallel programming.
On the use of clouds for grid resource provisioning.
An alternative to expert systems for electrical diagnosis.
Coordinating self-sizing and self-repair managers for multi-tier systems.
Parallel SuperFine - A tool for fast and accurate supertree estimation: Features and limitations.
Distributed feature extraction in a p2p setting - a case study.
A causal message logging protocol for mobile nodes in mobile computing systems.
"To be recorded" analysis in reverse-mode automatic differentiation.
A generalized domain decomposition paradigm for parallel incomplete LU factorization preconditionings.
Building an ecoinformatics platform to support climate change adaptation in Victoria.
Distributed data mining services leveraging WSRF.
HPCN in Europe: A personal perspective.
Workstation hardware and software support for parallel applications.
Algorithmic re-structuring and data replication for protein structure comparison on a GRID.
Numerical methods for computing SVD in the <i>D</i>-orthogonal group.
Large scale parallel FEM computations of far/near stress field changes in rocks.
Using P2P, GRID and Agent technologies for the development of content distribution networks.
Computation of few Lyapunov exponents by geodesic based algorithms.
A generic middleware-based platform for scalable cluster computing.
Atomic Writes for data integrity and consistency in shared storage devices for clusters.
Federate migration in HLA-based simulation.
Towards secure and reliable cloud storage against data re-outsourcing.
Energy-aware parallel task scheduling in a cluster.
Local orbitals for excited states.
Parallel iterative solvers for sparse linear systems in circuit simulation.
Business insights in e-commerce and trusted services.
Grid design for mobile thin client computing.
Efficient hardware implementation of PMI+ for low-resource devices in mobile cloud computing.
Energy efficient scheduling of virtual machines in cloud with deadline constraint.
An octree-based multiresolution hybrid framework.
A high performance data integrity assurance based on the determinant technique.
Visualizing parallel simulations that execute in network computing environments.
Supercomputing and biomedical science.
Scheduling strategies for optimal service deployment across multiple clouds.
An artificial immune algorithm for the flexible job-shop scheduling problem.
Adaptive resource provisioning for read intensive multi-tier applications in the cloud.
Making automatic differentiation truly automatic: coupling PETSc with ADIC.
A novel pre-cache schema for high performance Android system.
Towards understanding the runtime configuration management of do-it-yourself content delivery network applications over public clouds.
Searching databases using parallel genetic algorithms on a transputer computing surface.
An approach to grid resource selection and fault management based on ECA rules.
Isospectral-like flows and eigenvalue problem.
A computational economy for grid computing and its implementation in the Nimrod-G resource broker.
Urban traffic congestion estimation and prediction based on floating car trajectory data.
Computational chemistry with a workstation-farm.
A generalizable knowledge framework for semantic indoor mapping based on Markov logic networks and data driven MCMC.
eScience in the Social Cloud.
A robust reliable energy-aware urgent computing resource allocation for flash-flood ensemble forecasting on HPC infrastructures for decision support.
Scheduling of parallel programs including dynamic loops.
PKIX-based certification infrastructure implementation adapted to non-personal end entities.
Privacy aware publishing of successive location information in sensor networks.
Solving dense linear systems by Gauss-Huard's method on a distributed memory system.
Large-scale multimedia content delivery over optical networks for interactive TV services.
Dynamic core allocation for energy efficient video decoding in homogeneous and heterogeneous multicore architectures.
Special Issue: Emerging, Ambient and Ubiquitous Systems 2015.
MGF: A grid-enabled MPI library.
On the energy footprint of I/O management in Exascale HPC systems.
A hybrid cloud controller for vertical memory elasticity: A control-theoretic approach.
Secure clustering for efficient data dissemination in vehicular cyber-physical systems.
Mobile cloud computing: A survey.
Replicated shared object model for parallel edge detection algorithm based on spiral architecture.
A parallel machine for multiset transformation and its programming style.
Comments on an access control model in semantic grid.
Practical power consumption estimation for real life HPC applications.
Towards a visualization of arguing agents.
A method for evaluating the consequence propagation of security attacks in cyber-physical systems.
An approximate <i>&#1013;</i>&#1013;-constraint method for a multi-objective job scheduling in the cloud.
Two Schemes of Privacy-Preserving Trust Evaluation.
ASPEN: a concurrent stream processing environment.
The best papers from CCGrid 2001.
A framework for automated construction of resource space based on background knowledge.
Special section: Collaborative and learning applications of grid technology.
Model-based simulation and performance evaluation of grid scheduling strategies.
Self-similarity: Behind workload reshaping and prediction.
Learning methods for radial basis function networks.
An optimized task-farm model to integrate reduced dimensionality Schr&ouml;dinger equations on distributed memory architectures.
The wandering token: Congestion avoidance of a shared resource.
Performance analysis of a threshold-based dynamic TXOP scheme for intra-AC QoS in wireless LANs.
Distributed volunteer computing for solving ensemble learning problems.
Effect of size and deformation on polarizabilities of carbon nanotubes from atomic increments.
Special section: Numerical modelling in geomechanics and geodynamics.
Improving volunteer computing scheduling for evolutionary algorithms.
JGRIM: An approach for easy gridification of applications.
A precompiler to reduce the memory footprint of multiscale PDE solvers in C++.
Allocation strategies for utilization of space-shared resources in Bag of Tasks grids.
Internet race is on but security holds the key.
Efficient handover authentication with user anonymity and untraceability for Mobile Cloud Computing.
TeraVision: a high resolution graphics streaming device for amplified collaboration environments.
Efficient sparse matrix-vector multiplication using cache oblivious extension quadtree storage format.
Visualizing principles of abstract machines by generating interactive animations.
A model to compare cloud and non-cloud storage of Big Data.
A novel maximum margin neighborhood preserving embedding for face recognition.
Design and implementation of a fine-grained menu control processor for web-based information systems.
A comprehensive vulnerability based alert management approach for large networks.
Effective real-time scheduling algorithm for cyber physical systems society.
The CAMAS workbench: Computer Aided Migration of Applications System.
Educational applications of VRML.
Massive parallel computing.
Suspending, migrating and resuming HPC virtual clusters.
VRML as means of expressive 4D illustration in CAM education.
Findings, questions and recommendations from the ISDA workshop.
Real-time Grid monitoring based on complex event processing.
An incentive compatible and distributed reputation mechanism based on context similarity for service oriented systems.
Principles of abstract machines.
Collaboration of reconfigurable processors in grid computing: Theory and application.
A load control method for small data centers participating in demand response programs.
Seamless live migration of virtual machines over the MAN/WAN.
Parallel associative combinator evaluation II.
Astronomical archives of the future: a Virtual Observatory.
A framework for distributed content-based web services notification in Grid systems.
Extending RDF in distributed knowledge-intensive applications.
GeoFEM: high performance parallel FEM for solid earth.
Cloud Computing and Scientific Applications - Big Data, Scalable Analytics, and Beyond.
Client-centric consistency formalization and verification for system with large-scale distributed data storage.
Predictive analytics using statistical, learning, and ensemble methods to support real-time exploration of discrete event simulations.
Makespan minimization for MapReduce systems with different servers.
A standards based approach to enabling legacy applications on the Grid.
Optimisation of application execution on dynamic systems.
Uploading multiply deferrable big data to the cloud platform using cost-effective online algorithms.
A use of case-based reasoning technique in building expert systems.
Editorial.
WAVE-1: A new ideology of parallel and distributed processing on graphs and networks.
On-siteDriverID: A secure authentication scheme based on Spanish eID cards for vehicular ad hoc networks.
A novel multi-server remote user authentication scheme using self-certified public keys for mobile clients.
A collaborative approach to build evaluated web page datasets.
A novel paradigm of parallel computation and its use to implement simple high-performance hardware.
Improved auto control ant colony optimization using lazy ant approach for grid scheduling problem.
An expert system for fault diagnosis at petrochemical plants.
MOVE: A mobile personalized virtual computing environment.
Wide-area distributed applications in high performance computing.
Parallel computing technologies.
Gridification of collaborative audiovisual organizations through the MediaGrid framework.
A novel reputation computation model based on subjective logic for mobile ad hoc networks.
Visualization of high-resolution image collections on large tiled display walls.
Special Issue: Quality of Service in Grid and Cloud 2015.
Challenge-response-based biometric image scrambling for secure personal identification.
Computational models and heuristic methods for Grid scheduling problems.
Special section: Semantic Link Network.
The UK e-Science Core Programme and the Grid.
Finding exact hitting set solutions for systems biology applications using heterogeneous GPU clusters.
A rule-based and algorithmic approach for logic synthesis.
Efficient and incentive-compatible resource allocation mechanism for P2P-assisted content delivery systems.
Optimizing virtual machine allocation for parallel scientific workflows in federated clouds.
An effective privacy preserving algorithm for neighborhood-based collaborative filtering.
Prolog programming for tomorrow : by J. Doores, A.R. Reiblein and S. Vadera (Sigma Press, 1987) 149 pp., price: &#163;10.95.
Distributed simulation of hybrid systems with AnyLogic and HLA.
A Grid resource brokering strategy based on resource and network performance in Grid.
Organizational-based model and agent-based simulation for long-term carpooling.
Migol: A fault-tolerant service framework for MPI applications in the grid.
The JSIM web-based simulation environment.
Scalable and efficient fault-tolerant protocol for mobility agents in mobile IP-based systems.
Availability modeling and analysis of a data center for disaster tolerance.
Discovering the core semantics of event from social media.
Cloud computing for fast prediction of chemical activity.
Special section: "Soft-computing and advanced techniques in new algorithmic approaches to existing application areas".
Griz: experience with remote visualization over an optical grid.
Compositionality in the temporal logic of concurrent systems (extended abstract).
Matching user requirements in parallel programming.
Benchmark of application software kernels on the SUPERNODE SN1000 using the 3P PARLIB.
Implementation of a synchronous communication in a loosely coupled system: A correctness proof.
A generic framework for synchronized distributed data management in archaeological related disciplines.
Special section: Switched lightpaths.
The conjugate gradient method on the Parsytec GCel-3/512.
Parallel simulation of reaction-diffusion phenomena in percolation processes : A model based on cellular automata.
Special section: Life science grids for biomedicine and bioinformatics.
The Legion support for advanced parameter-space studies on a grid.
Cellular automata models of biochemical phenomena.
Secure token passing at application level.
Special section: CompSci07, Computational Science 2007: Interdisciplinary challenges and perspectives, from the Grid to e-Science.
Mapping attribution metadata to the Open Provenance Model.
Reflection and meta-level artificial intelligence architectures.
TEE: A virtual DRTM based execution environment for secure cloud-end computing.
A novel intrusion severity analysis approach for Clouds.
New paradigms - old paradigms?
Resource management in Legion.
Developing and running expert systems with PESYS.
The scope and limitations of first generation expert systems.
MAPFS: A flexible multiagent parallel file system for clusters.
Automated root cause identification of security alerts: Evaluation in a SaaS Cloud.
Improving Mandatory Access Control for HPC clusters.
User awareness and tolerance of privacy abuse on mobile Internet: An exploratory study.
Interrogating Iran's restricted public cloud: An Actor Network Theory perspective.
Digital broadcasting - Challenges and opportunities for European community radio broadcasters.
An implementation framework for E-Government 2.0.
UNESCO and INFOethics: Seeking global ethical values in the Information Society.
Exploring a heterogeneous and fragmented digital ecosystem: Mobile content.
Customization, information provision and choice: what are we willing to give up for personal service?.
Business models and operational issues in the Chinese online game industry.
3-G wireless auctions as an economic barrier to entry: the western european experience.
Special issue on ethics in the information society.
Energy efficiency of mobile handsets: Measuring user attitudes and behavior.
Future's learning environments in health education: The effects of smart classrooms on the academic achievements of the students at health college.
Television reform in the era of globalization: New trends and patterns in post-WTO China.
Factors affecting consumers' responses to mobile advertising from a social norm theoretical perspective.
Open source 3D printing as a means of learning: An educational experiment in two high schools in Greece.
ICT and social exclusion: the role of libraries.
Increasing inequalities in what we do online: A longitudinal cross sectional analysis of Internet activities among the Dutch population (2010 to 2013) over gender, age, education, and income.
Protesting the Singapore government: The role of collective action frames in social media mobilization.
Adding value to the network: Mobile operators' experiments with Software-as-a-Service and Platform-as-a-Service models.
The application of mobile computing and technology to health care services.
Disease prediction with different types of neural network classifiers.
In search of a European model for the Information Society.
Innovative regulatory and policy initiatives at increasing ICT connectivity in South Africa.
Culture, technologies and democracy: A cross-national analysis of political development.
Me, myself and my mobile: A segmentation of youths based on their attitudes towards the mobile phone as a status instrument.
Factors influencing intention to donate via social network site (SNS): From Asian's perspective.
Whether or not to engage in sexting: Explaining adolescent sexting behaviour by applying the prototype willingness model.
Exploring the relationship between urbanized Malaysian youth and their mobile phones: A quantitative approach.
Factors that hinder the success of SIM-based mobile NFC service deployments.
The effect of hard and soft information and communication technologies investment on manufacturing business performance in Greece - A preliminary econometric study.
A visual object-relationship query language for user-database interaction.
Sustainability and community networks.
Analyzing competitive and collaborative differences among mobile ecosystems using abstracted strategy networks.
Unwillingness-to-communicate, perceptions of the Internet and self-disclosure in ICQ.
Policy satisfaction for separation of dispensing from medical practices in Taiwan: Success of the prescription-release information system.
The Portuguese urban system: An opposition between its hierarchical organization in cyberspace vs. physical space.
The impact of online user-generated satire on young people's political attitudes: Testing the moderating role of knowledge and discussion.
Web personalization: The state of the art and future avenues for research and practice.
Factors influencing Internet users' perceived credibility of news-related blogs in Taiwan.
Uses and Gratifications of digital photo sharing on Facebook.
Would you share? Predicting the potential use of a new technology.
Evaluating practice-centered awareness in cross-boundary telehealth decision support systems.
Determinants of backers' funding intention in crowdfunding: Social exchange theory and regulatory focus.
Adoption of ERP systems: Does information transparency matter?
Employee perception towards electronic monitoring at work place and its impact on job satisfaction of software professionals in Sri Lanka.
The digital turn in radio: A critique of institutional and organizational modeling of new radio practices and cultures.
From coexistence to cooperation: Experiments in intercultural broadcasting in Swiss community radios.
Specification of a framework for the anonymous use of privileges.
The influence of social media on fan reactionary behaviors.
Stochastic total cost of ownership optimization for video streaming services.
Conjoint analysis on preferences of HRD managers and employees for effective implementation of m-learning: The case of South Korea.
Towards a political sociology of the Internet and local governance.
GAST: ARBAJTERSKI R: ADIO - Migration and media in Serbia.
New technology, communities, and networking: problems and prospects for orchestrating change.
Profile of Internet Cafe users in Turkey.
Mass media, the 'sensational message', and metamorphic truths.
The community portal challenge--is there a technology barrier for local authorities?.
The impact of free and open source licensing on operating system software markets.
Customer oriented enterprise IT architecture framework.
Moderating effect of learning styles on a learning management system's success.
Brain-computer interface: The next frontier of telemedicine in human-computer interaction.
How to successfully promote ICT usage: A comparative analysis of Denmark and Japan.
Parameter estimation validity and relationship robustness: A comparison of telephone and internet survey techniques.
"Communities of strangerhoods?": Internet, mobile phones and the changing nature of radio cultures in South Africa.
The aborted Green dam-youth escort censor-ware project in China: A case study of emerging civic participation in China's internet policy-making process.
Cyber elites: a survey of Internet Cafe' users in Uganda.
Reassessing public support for public access cablevision: a faded passion?
Business models and financial impacts of future mobile broadband networks.
Should participants be given a mobile phone, or use their own? Effects of novelty vs utility.
Internet telephony signaling.
The Short Message Service: Standards, infrastructure and innovation.
Implementing strategies for digital pay television in Europe: The case of Greece.
Predicting the acceptance of cloud-based virtual learning environment: The roles of Self Determination and Channel Expansion Theory.
Future business relationships--traditional, electronic, virtual or hybrid?.
A brief history of mobile communication in Europe.
Examining users&#8242; intention to continue using social network games: A flow experience perspective.
File-sharing--fight, ignore or compete: Paid download services vs. P2P-networks.
Efficiency comparison of digital content providers with different pricing strategies.
What do we want specifically from the cell phone? An age related study.
ICANN - EU can't: Internet governance and Europe's role in the formation of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN).
News consumption in a changing media ecology: An MESM-study on mobile news.
Segmentation-based compression: New frontiers of telemedicine in telecommunication.
Change discovery of learning performance in dynamic educational environments.
Mobile banking adoption: A literature review.
The online ideal persona vs. the jealousy effect: Two explanations of why selfies are associated with lower-quality romantic relationships.
A Living Lab research approach for mobile TV.
Introduction: Critical reflections on technological convergence on radio and the emerging digital cultures and practices.
From 3D modeling to 3D printing: Development of a differentiated spatial ability teaching model.
Mobile customer segmentation based on smartphone measurement.
Potential dimensions for a local e-Government services quality model.
Multimedia friendly home wireless LANs.
Hong Kong and Singapore: Two models of telecommunications regulations?
Fixed mobile internet convergence (FMIC).
Internet-based 'social sharing' as a new form of global production: The case of SETI@home.
Yearning to be the center of everything, when we are the center of nothing: The parallels and reversals in chaco, hubble, and facebook.
Journalism ethics in a digital environment: How journalistic codes of ethics have been adapted to the Internet and ICTs in countries around the world.
Milamu: A micro-language for manipulating multimedia documents.
An expectation-confirmation model of continuance intention to use mobile instant messaging.
Cell phone usage and broad feature preferences: A study among Finnish undergraduate students.
But not all social media are the same: Analyzing organizations' social media usage patterns.
Rapidly co-evolving technology adoption and diffusion models.
Real-time business activity monitoring and analysis of process performance on big-data domains.
Factors affecting Internet use in a saturated-access population.
Exploring fluctuations in citizen engagement on a local government Facebook page in Japan.
Introducing cognitive systems in the wireless B3G world: Motivations and basic engineering challenges.
Tele-centres in Ghana.
Assessing mobile phone communication utility preferences in a social support network.
Exploring perceptions of online sport commentary: A test of disposition effects hypothesis.
Methodology for Public Administrators for selecting between open source and proprietary software.
Community Informatics: Enabling Communities with Information and Communication Technologies.
Always connected: a longitudinal field study of mobile communication.
Bhoomi, Gyan Ganga, e-governance and the right to information: ICTs and development in India.
The many faces of (soft) power, democracy and the Internet.
Model of online game addiction: The role of computer-mediated communication motives.
Mobile city applications for Brussels citizens: Smart City trends, challenges and a reality check.
Conference report: Community media at ECREA's ECC08.
Virtual space, real identity: Exploring cultural identity of Chinese Diaspora in virtual community.
Culture's consequences: Economic barriers to owning mobile phones experienced by women in India.
The structural features and the deliberative quality of online discussions.
Competitive dynamics in the Korean video platform market: Traditional pay TV platforms vs. OTT platforms.
Interprovider differentiated service interconnection management models in the Internet bandwidth commodity markets.
Mergers and acquisitions in TV broadcasting and distribution: Challenges for competition, industrial and media policy.
Discourse behind the Forbidden Realm: Internet surveillance and its implications on China's blogosphere.
Satisfaction with outcome and process from web-based meetings for idea generation and selection: The roles of instrumentality, enjoyment, and interface design.
An examination of factors contributing to South Korea's global leadership in broadband adoption.
Online blackmail of Czech children focused on so-called "sextortion" (analysis of culprit and victim behaviors).
Mobile computing and ubiquitous networking: concepts, technologies and challenges.
Functional separation within the European Union: Debates and challenges.
A study of mobile number portability effects in the United States.
Globalization and heterogenization: Cultural and civilizational clustering in telecommunicative space (1989-1999).
Peer-group pressure as a moderator of the relationship between attitude toward cyberbullying and cyberbullying behaviors on mobile instant messengers.
A study of MVNO diffusion and market structure in the EU, US, Hong Kong, and Singapore.
Social networking time use scale (SONTUS): A new instrument for measuring the time spent on the social networking sites.
Digital cities of the future: Extending @home assistive technologies for the elderly and the disabled.
Talking shop--contact centres and dimensions of `social exclusion'.
Measuring information society: Dynamics of European data on usage of information and communication technologies in Europe since 1995.
The use of Facebook for political commentary in South Africa.
Cultivation effects of mass and social media on perceptions and behavioural intentions in post-disaster recovery - The case of the 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake.
The influence of online forum and SNS use on online political discussion in China: Assessing "Spirals of Trust".
Businesses and the need for speed: The impact of broadband speed on business presence.
Technological developments and socio-economic issues of wireless mobile communications.
Personality traits, interpersonal relationships, online social support, and Facebook addiction.
Changing business models for Europe's mobile telecommunications industry: The impact of alternative wireless technologies.
Blurring public and private behaviors in public space: policy challenges in the use and improper use of the cell phone.
E-Government service delivery by a local government agency: The case of E-Licensing.
Examining information sharing in social networking communities: Applying theories of social capital and attachment.
ICT-innovations today: making traditional diffusion patterns obsolete, and preliminary insight of increased importance.
Social media use and university students' participation in a large-scale protest campaign: The case of Hong Kong's Umbrella Movement.
The effects of Internet usage, financial development and trade openness on economic growth in South Africa: A time series analysis.
Use and gratifications of mobile SNSs: Facebook and KakaoTalk in Korea.
Wearable and mobile sensors connected to social media in human well-being applications.
The fight against digital piracy: An experiment.
Network spillovers as an alternative efficiency argument for universal service policy.
Mobile services with handset bundling and governmental policies for competitive market.
Understanding the influence of C2C communication on purchase decision in online communities from a perspective of information adoption model.
Diverging information societies of the Asia Pacific.
Job search website for illiterate users of Pakistan.
Love me Tinder: Untangling emerging adults' motivations for using the dating application Tinder.
Napoleon and Internet. A historical and anthropological view on the culture of punctuality and instantaneity.
When lifestyle becomes behavior: A closer look at the situational context of mobile communication.
Developing a culture of privacy in the Global Village.
Firm characteristics influencing the extent of electronic billing adoption: an empirical study in the US telecommunication industry.
Who's my audience again? Understanding audience management strategies for designing privacy management technologies.
Our Netizen: myths and misbeliefs vs. realities and perspectives.
The adoption and use of mobile phone in rural China: A case study of Hubei, China.
Online word-of-mouth antecedents, attitude and intention-to-purchase electronic products in Pakistan.
AMARC and more than 25 years of community media activism.
Citizen participation and the uses of mobile technology in radio broadcasting.
English version of Social Networks Adoption Scale: A validation study.
An integrated adoption model for e-books in a mobile environment: Evidence from South Korea.
The effects of cultural dimension on ICT innovation: Empirical analysis of mobile phone services.
Public trust in a mobile device and service policy in South Korea: The Mobile Device Distribution Improvement Act.
An empirical study on the adoption of information appliances with a focus on interactive TV.
Mapping users' perspectives and outlining social impacts from digitalization of terrestrial TV in Brazil.
A structured methodology for assessing and improving e-services in digital cities.
SPETA: Social pervasive e-Tourism advisor.
Convergence in action: A case study of the Norwegian Internet.
Access, local language and public sphere: Phone-in R/TV programme as a platform for citizen journalism in a Nigerian election.
A comparative study of knowledge construction within online user support discussion forums in Chinese and English-language cultural contexts.
The borders of mobile handset ecosystems: Is coopetition inevitable?
Special issue on mobile communications: From cellular to ad-hoc and beyond.
The e-Hospice - Beyond traditional boundaries of palliative care.
Ownership of cultural expression: Speech &amp; culture in the new intellectual property rights regime of the European Union.
ICTs and radio in Africa: How the uptake of ICT has influenced the newsroom culture among community radio journalists.
An analysis of mobile Internet access in Thailand: Implications for bridging the digital divide.
Responding to media convergence: Regulating multi-screen television services in Thailand.
Suppliers' behavior on the post-adoption stage of business-to-business e-reverse auctions: An empirical study.
Medical emergency alarm dissemination in urban environments.
An exploration of user-generated wireless broadband infrastructures in digital cities.
Assessing the performance of long-term care information systems and the continued use intention of users.
What is so special about the Asia-Pacific region?
Economic analysis of the media representative's bundling strategy and program quality: The Korean experience.
Community media in the context of European media policies.
Effects of gratification-opportunities and gratifications-obtained on preferences of instant messaging and e-mail among college students.
Personal network on the Internet: How the socially marginalized stay marginalized in personal network diversity and multiplicity.
Service differentiation economic models and analysis of market-based QoS interconnections.
Liberalization policy, production and cost efficiency in Taiwan's telecommunications industry.
New ethical challenges for today engineering and technology.
Decision support models for the selection of internet access technologies in rural communities.
Tracing the route of China's Internet censorship: An empirical study.
The impact of facilities and service-based competition on internet services provision in the Canadian broadband market.
Digital divides and mobile Internet in Indonesia: Impact of smartphones.
A remote interactive non-repudiation multimedia-based m-learning system.
Critical infrastructure protection: The vulnerability conundrum.
Mobile web for under-privileged in developing countries.
E-government familiarity influence on Jordanians' perceptions.
An experiment comparing grids and item-by-item formats in web surveys completed through PCs and smartphones.
Identifying key drivers and bottlenecks in the adoption of E-book readers in Korea.
Introduction: Ready for use? An old medium in new times.
On cybersocialities. Networked communication and social interaction in the wired city of Blacksburg, VA, USA.
Impact of 3G and beyond technology development and pricing on mobile data service provisioning, usage and diffusion.
A cognitive mobile sensor network for environment observation.
Introduction to the special issue on Lifestyle and Mobile Communication.
A socio-technical contract: Network governance and ICT4D in Turkey.
Techno-economic implications of the mass-market uptake of mobile data services: Requirements for next generation mobile networks.
Czech Children and Facebook - A quantitative survey.
Coping with TiVo: Opportunities of the networked digital video recorder.
Understanding the intentions behind illegal downloading: A comparative study of American and Korean college students.
License-exempt: Wi-Fi complement to 3G.
Should mobile Internet be an extension to the fixed web? Fixed-mobile reinforcement as mediator between context of use and future use.
Leading in the digital age: A study of how social media are transforming the work of communication professionals.
Ubiquitous use of mobile social network services.
Editorial.
The emergence of IP interactive multimedia services and the evolution of the traditional audiovisual public service regulatory approach.
Real options and technology management: Assessing technology migration options in wireless industry.
ICT impact on competitiveness, innovation and environment.
Product use and welfare: The case of mobile phones in Africa.
Development of a hierarchical system for the teletransmission of environmental and energy data.
Developing the future ICT infrastructures - Technologies, markets, and policies.
Predicting the effects of eWOM and online brand messaging: Source trust, bandwagon effect and innovation adoption factors.
The distributional effects of leapfrogging in mobile phones.
The more, the better? Why abundant information leads to unanticipated outcomes.
Movie piracy on peer-to-peer networks--the case of KaZaA.
Technology standards-setting in the US wireless telecommunications industry: A study of three generations of digital standards development.
Video quality vs. mobile data billing plans.
Interdependent technology attributes and the diffusion of consumer electronics.
Digital inequalities and implications for social inequalities: A study of Internet penetration amongst university students in South Africa.
Hedonic modeling to explore the relationship of cell phone plan price and quality in Croatia.
Coexist, complement, converge and innovate: Public diplomacy of US-China Internet Industry Forum.
Why has a Korean telecommunications technology failed: A case study on WiBro.
Using new technologies for stimulating interpersonal communication on HIV and AIDS.
Students' thoughts about the importance and costs of their mobile devices' features and services.
E-business technologies for xRM: Exploring the readiness of public broadcasters.
Digital Cities: Towards an integrated decision support methodology.
Penetration of broadband services - The role of policies.
Access to premium content on mobile television platforms: The case of mobile sports.
Sociological insights on the comparison of writing/reading on paper with writing/reading digitally.
A simplified energy consumption model for fiber-based Next Generation Access Networks.
Towards a Future Internet infrastructure: Analyzing the multidimensional impacts of assured quality Internet interconnection.
Lowering the barriers for online cross-media usage: Scenarios for a Belgian single sign-on solution.
Mobile services put in context: A Q-sort analysis.
The impact of engagement motives for social TV on social presence and sports channel commitment.
Identify with community or company? An investigation on the consumer behavior in Facebook brand community.
At the start of a new volume.
Threats and opportunities for new audiovisual cultural heritage archive services: The Dutch case.
Factors affecting virtual team performance in telecommunication support environment.
The media use of American youngsters in the age of narcissism: Surviving in a 24/7 media shock and awe - distracted by everything.
Managed Innovation in Korea in telecommunications - Moving towards 4G mobile at a national level.
A socio-technical framework for Internet-of-Things design: A human-centered design for the Internet of Things.
The impact of the Internet on political attitudes in Kuwait and Egypt.
Social platform innovation of open source hardware in South Korea.
Assessment of digital inclusion via the actor-network theory: The case of the Brazilian municipality of Pira&iacute;.
Internet experience and time displacement of traditional news media use: An application of the theory of the niche.
Revisiting the UNESCO debate on a New World Information and Communication Order: Has the NWICO been achieved by other means?
The challenge of e-participation in the digital city: Exploring generational influences among community telecentre users.
Which developing countries have done the most to close the digital divide?
Response to potential information technology risk: Users' valuation of electromagnetic field from mobile phones.
Usage of video sharing websites: Drivers and barriers.
SSCLS: A Smartphone-Supported Collaborative Learning System.
Why do people access news with mobile devices? Exploring the role of suitability perception and motives on mobile news use.
Augmenting Shewhart quality control and Delphi method for multi-person, multi-objective decision-making.
Towards the digital economy: scenarios for business.
Can the WSIS declaration principle and plan of action work in Japan? Digital stratification of Japanese society.
Comparison of the internet usage levels amongst final year students of faculty of medicine and health colleges in Turkey: According to the gender variable.
The use of social media in travel information search.
Electronic newspaper and its adopters: examining the factors influencing the adoption of electronic newspapers in Taiwan.
Ambient intelligence technologies in support of shipping markets' operations.
Internet Commerce Developmnent; Craig Standing.
The gratifications of pager use: sociability, information-seeking, entertainment, utility, and fashion and status.
ICT and the future conditions for democratic governance.
A framework for managing the lifecycle of transactional e-government services.
An empirical analysis of tablet PC diffusion.
Political blog readers: Predictors of motivations for accessing political blogs.
Towards an empowerment framework for evaluating mobile phone use and impact in developing countries.
A `redundant information society' for the European Union?
The rise of the electronic individual: A study of how young Swedish teenagers use and perceive Internet.
From high hopes to high deficit and back: A historic overview of Europe's HDTV policy and reflections towards the future of HDTV.
Broadband and digital 'content' in the EU-25: Recent trends and challenges.
Easing the burden of fixed telephone lines on small-scale entrepreneurs in Nigeria: GSM lines to the rescue.
Perceived gratifications of online media service use among potential users.
Exploring the differences in broadband access speeds across Glasgow.
Analyzing customer preference and measuring relative efficiency in telecom sector: A hybrid fuzzy AHP/DEA study.
"The More Things Change, The More They Stay the Same": Path dependency, sports content, and the suppression of innovation in mobile television.
Internet access in the European Union and in the United States.
Validation of Haptic Enabling Technology Acceptance Model (HE-TAM): Integration of IDT and TAM.
The `new' ICTs environment in Europe: closing or widening the gaps?
The interplay of costs, trust and loyalty in a service industry in transition: The moderating effect of smartphone adoption.
The anatomy of tweet overload: How number of tweets received, number of friends, and egocentric network density affect perceived information overload.
The computational object approach for network and systems management.
Measuring temporal redundancy in sequences of video requests in a News-on-Demand service.
Integrating MDA and SOA for improving telemedicine services.
Towards a critical theory of alternative media.
The legal and economic framework of the third audiovisual sector in UK, Netherlands, Switzerland, Niedersachsen (Germany) and Ireland.
Man's need or man's greed: The human rights ramifications of green ICTs.
The effect of ICT development on economic growth and energy consumption in Japan.
Premises and application of a commercial tele-working platform.
Effective telemedicine project in Bangladesh: Special focus on diabetes health care delivery in a tertiary care in Bangladesh.
A management scheme for improving transportation efficiency and contributing to the enhancement of the social fabric.
Telecom sector of Pakistan: Potential, challenges and business opportunities.
Institutions matter: engineers and telecommunication development in Mozambique and Zimbabwe.
Examining the factors that influence early adopters' smartphone adoption: The case of college students.
Enhancing classroom interaction via IMMAP - An Interactive Mobile Messaging App.
Energy impacts of ICT - Insights from an everyday life perspective.
Personal characteristics and mobile Internet use intensity of consumers with computer-centric communication devices: An exploratory empirical study of iPad and laptop users in Germany.
Employees' privacy vs. employers' security: Can they be balanced?
Towards connecting people, locations and real-world events in a cellular network.
Effectiveness of web-based social sensing in health information dissemination - A review.
Mechanisms of access to the Internet in rural areas of developing countries.
Trust in government's social media service and citizen's patronage behavior.
Third person effect and Internet pornography in China.
The 2014 Indian elections on Twitter: A comparison of campaign strategies of political parties.
A Critical Discourse Analysis of three US municipal wireless network initiatives for enhancing social inclusion.
Effects of expectancy-value, attitudes, and use of the Internet on psychological empowerment experienced by Chinese women at the workplace.
Localizing Internet infrastructure: Cooperative peering in Latin America.
The Promise vs. the Taboo: Implications of the EU copyright directive on television software development.
Children and youth safety on the Internet: Experiences from Czech Republic and Poland.
A model of wireless broadband diffusion in Latin America.
The politics of communication: information technology, local knowledge and social exclusion.
Commercial reform and the political function of Chinese television.
Analysis of the psychological traits, Facebook usage, and Facebook addiction model of Taiwanese university students.
Effectiveness of control mechanisms in mobile platform ecosystem.
The convergence of mobile data phones, consumer electronics, and wallets: Lessons from Japan.
An empirical study of a social network site: Exploring the effects of social capital and information disclosure.
An attitude-based latent class segmentation analysis of mobile phone users.
Factors affecting Internet diffusion in China: A multivariate time series analysis.
Gratifications of using Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Snapchat to follow brands: The moderating effect of social comparison, trust, tie strength, and network homophily on brand identification, brand engagement, brand commitment, and membership intention.
Application of actor-network theory to network neutrality in Korea: Socio-ecological understanding of network dynamics.
Designing viable business models for context-aware mobile services.
Breakthrough in privacy concerns and lawful access conflicts.
Determinants of player acceptance of mobile social network games: An application of extended technology acceptance model.
Knowledge, economy, technology and society: The politics of discourse.
The meaning of virtual entrepreneurship in social virtual worlds.
Unification of cyber-jurisdiction rules: just how close are the EU and the US?
Achieving millennium development goals: Role of ICTS innovations in India.
Bridging digital divide: Efforts in India.
Protecting privacy and anonymity in pervasive computing: trends and perspectives.
Content and context for mobile television: Integrating trial, expert and user findings.
Web 2.0, UGC, and citizen journalism: Revisiting South Korea's OhmyNews model in the age of social media.
Digital television adoption: Comparing the adoption of digital terrestrial television with the adoption of digital cable in Taiwan.
Features as predictors of phone popularity: An analysis of trends and structural breaks.
Understanding continued ubiquitous decision support system usage behaviour.
An exploratory investigation of the investment information search behavior of individual domestic investors.
Book or screen, pen or keyboard? A cross-cultural sociological analysis of writing and reading habits basing on Germany, Italy and the UK.
Unwillingness-to-communicate and college students' motives in SMS mobile messaging.
Oligopolistic competition and concentration in the smart card industry.
Worlds apart? Finance and investment in creative industries in the People's Republic of China and Latin America.
Regulating the Internet: EU and US perspectives.
Municipal wireless broadband: Lessons from San Francisco and Silicon Valley.
Automated information management via abductive logic agents.
Participatory or deliberative democracy? Exploring the mediation effects of perceived online deliberation and online interactive activities on social outcomes.
The effects of network neutrality on the diffusion of new Internet application services.
Economics and copyright reform: aspects of the EC Directive.
Impacts of Net-generation attributes, seductive properties of the Internet, and gratifications-obtained on Internet use.
Mapping ICT use at home and telecommuting practices: A perspective from work/family border theory.
Exploring the evolution of digital television in China: An interplay between economic and political interests.
The impact of ICT on market organisation - A case of 3D-models in engineering consultancy.
Consumer behaviour in the mobile telecommunications' market: The individual's adoption decision of innovative services.
"It's the services, stupid!": Identifying killer applications for next-generation networks.
A framework for discovering relevant patterns using aggregation and intelligent data mining agents in telematics systems.
Effects of Internet-based multiple-site conferences on greenhouse gas emissions.
Personalizing recommendations for tourists.
Information literacy and peer-to-peer infrastructures: An autopoietic perspective.
Internet access in Africa: empirical evidence from Kenya and Nigeria.
Acceptance and rejection of mobile TV among young adults: A case of college students in South Korea.
E-learning system use and its outcomes: Moderating role of perceived compatibility.
Quantity = quality? At the start of volume 34.
Examining user behavioral response to SMS ads: Implications for the evolution of the mobile phone as a bona-fide medium.
Next generation of methods and tools for team work based care in speech and language therapy.
Policies for content filtering in educational networks: the case of Greece.
Africa and the digital divide.
Knowledge regimes: the WTO, IP and public interests in India.
Developing ecological index for identifying roles of ICT industries in mobile ecosystems: The inter-industry analysis approach.
CMFE - Community Media Forum Europe.
Can blogs function as rhetorical publics in Asian democracies? An analysis using the case of Singapore.
Evaluation of teleteaching services over ATM and IP networks.
Towards a systematic study of Internet-based political and social communication in Europe.
Digital public broadcasting in Flanders: walking the tightrope.
Mobile advertisements and information privacy perception amongst South African Generation Y students.
Determinants of IPTV diffusion.
Green attributes converged within multifunctional technology products.
Access denied: the politics of new communications media.
Protecting children in the new media environment: Rising to the regulatory challenge?
Public library internet access in areas of deprivation: The case of Glasgow.
Telemedicine using mobile telecommunication: Towards syntactic interoperability in teleexpertise.
Policy recommendations for public administrators on free and open source software usage.
Forecasting broadband Internet adoption on trains in Belgium.
Exploring social and psychological factors that influence the gathering of political information online.
An economic analysis of the US wireless telephone industry: responses to new technologies.
Analysis of users and non-users of smartphone applications.
A comparative study of media cultures among Taiwanese and Japanese youth.
A split and swaying approach to building information society: The case of Internet cafes in China.
Adoption of Internet services in the Acceding and Candidate Countries, lessons from the Internet banking case.
A Web for all reasons: uses and gratifications of Internet components for political information.
Simulating digital dividend auctions: Service neutrality versus dedicated licences.
Introduction: Mobile service architecture and middleware.
A comparative study of Internet regulatory policies in the Greater China Region: Emerging regulatory models and issues in China, Hong-Kong SAR, and Taiwan.
Cyberbullying, cyber aggression and their impact on the victim - The teacher.
Analysis of regulatory systems of broadcasting and telecommunications: A comparative study focusing on Korea and the United States.
Can smartphones be specialists? Effects of specialization in mobile advertising.
Mobile and wireless communications: Technologies, applications, business models and diffusion.
An analysis of young people's use of and attitudes toward cell phones.
Clustering-based compression connected to cloud databases in telemedicine and long-term care applications.
User acceptance of wearable devices: An extended perspective of perceived value.
Enhancing customer value through click-and-mortar e-commerce: implications for geographical market reach and customer type.
Factors influencing users' employment of mobile map services.
The telecommunication and information industries: US patent policy and the criterion of non-obviousness.
SMS use intensity changes in the age of ubiquitous mobile Internet access - A two-level investigation of residential mobile communications customers in Germany.
Exploring the influential factors in continuance usage of mobile social Apps: Satisfaction, habit, and customer value perspectives.
Television distribution: Economic dimensions, emerging policies.
Flexible spectrum and future business models for the mobile industry.
Investigation of temporal dissociation and focused immersion as moderators of satisfaction-continuance intention relationship: Smartphone as an example.
Evaluating portal performance: A study of the National Higher Education Fund Corporation (PTPTN) portal.
Recommendations for e-commerce systems in the tourism industry of sub-Saharan Africa.
Information and Telecommunications Project for a Digital City: A Brazilian case study.
Mobile Learning (M-Learning) adoption in the Middle East: Lessons learned from the educationally advanced countries.
Exploring the effect of compulsive social app usage on technostress and academic performance: Perspectives from personality traits.
Community-based interactive systems.
How business intelligence maturity enabling hospital agility.
Introduction: Community media's long march.
Groupware: computer supported collaboration.
Ubiquitous computing: An overview of technology impacts.
Financial implications of rate plan optimization in the post-paid mobile market.
Equality of access and local loop unbundling in the UK broadband telecommunications market.
A comparative study of KakaoStory and Facebook: Focusing on use patterns and use motives.
From application service provision to service-oriented computing: A study of the IT outsourcing evolution.
The affordances of reading/writing on paper and digitally in Finland.
Data privacy approaches from US and EU perspectives.
The open agent society and its enemies: a position statement and research programme.
The effects of service interactivity on the satisfaction and the loyalty of smartphone users.
A two-step model for self-organized social network pre-construction.
Mobile phone ownership and usage among pre-adolescents.
Mobile communication and cross-cutting discussion: A cross-national study of South Korea and the US.
Broadband municipal optical networks in Greece: A suitable business model.
Once a user, always a user: Enablers and inhibitors of continuance intention of mobile social networking sites.
Internet applications use and personality.
Chinese TV drama in a regional market: Aspiring to be a cultural actor?
Video mediated social interaction between groups: System requirements and technology challenges.
'The Washington Consensus' in relation to the telecommunication sector in African developing countries.
Misuse of web cameras to manipulate children within the so-called webcam trolling.
Computer focused communication: changes and challenges for the contemporary organization.
Modeling the adoption of social media by newspaper organizations: An organizational ecology approach.
Potentials and challenges of peer-to-peer based content distribution.
Technology adoption and content consumption in Chinese television: Local city, national city, and global city.
Information society visions in the Nordic countries.
E-commerce adoption of travel and tourism organisations in South Africa, Kenya, Zimbabwe and Uganda.
Information communications technology and local development.
The future of mobile communications in the EU.
Rich information on environmental issues and the poor reflections on consumers' green actions: A behavioral economic approach.
Predictors of television and online video platform use: A coexistence model of old and new video platforms.
Hall of fame for mobile commerce and its applications: A bibliometric evaluation of a decade and a half (2000-2015).
IT support services for telecommuting workforce.
Mapping the rhizome. Organizational and informational networks of two Brussels alternative radio stations.
Changing user roles in ICT developments; the case of digital television.
Perceived channel efficiency and motivation and orientation of information seeking as predictors of media dependency.
NFC mobile credit card: The next frontier of mobile payment?
An exploratory study for investigating the critical success factors for cloud migration in the Saudi Arabian higher education context.
Clustering results of image searches by annotations and visual features.
Mobilities and the network of personal technologies: Refining the understanding of mobility structure.
Homophily and social influence among online casual game players.
Freedom and information highways or how to ensure electronic democracy.
Local nets and social capital.
Graduated regulation of 'regulatable' content and the European Audiovisual Media Services Directive: One small step for the industry and one giant leap for the legislator?
Motivations for using the mobile phone for mass communications and entertainment.
Pleonastic exclusion in the European Information Society.
Virtual gratifications of wireless Internet: Is wireless portable Internet reinforced by unrealized gratifications?
New media adoption and usage among Flemish youngsters.
Beyond user experience of cloud service: Implication for value sensitive approach.
Owning and using new media technology as predictors of quality of life.
Social acceptance of location-based mobile government services for emergency management.
Shared or exclusive radio waves? A dilemma gone astray.
New Zealand and its competitors in the knowledge economy.
Communities of participation: A comparison of disability and aging identified groups on Facebook and LinkedIn.
Investigating text input methods for mobile phones.
Attitudes toward mobile advertising among users versus non-users of the mobile Internet.
Location-based system: Comparative effects of personalization vs ease of use.
Understanding communication types on travel information sharing in social media: A transactive memory systems perspective.
Predicting behavioral intention of mobile Internet usage.
An adaptable and scalable group access control scheme for managing wireless sensor networks.
Mapping theoretical and practical issues in the relationship between ICTs and Africa's socioeconomic development.
Parthenay, the digital town: myth or reality?
Exploring the role of media uses and gratifications in multimedia cable adoption.
Disclosure of personal data in ecommerce: A cross-national comparison of Estonia and the United States.
Mobile control and management of computer networks using SMS services.
Adolescent sexting from a social learning perspective.
Anti-politics or the triumph of postmodern populism in promotional cultures?
A new mode of governance? Transnationalisation of European regions and cities in the information age.
Forecasting market demand for new telecommunications services: an introduction.
The geodemographic correlates of broadband access and availability in the United States.
Perspectives of ambient intelligence in the home environment.
Internet usage, electricity consumption and economic growth in Australia: A time series evidence.
Strategic practices by clicks-and-bricks and pure-play audio webcasters.
The mobile phone use in Mainland China: Some insights from an exploratory study in Beijing.
Building an Internet culture.
Influences of media on social movements: Problematizing hyperbolic inferences about impacts.
Dual-route of persuasive communications in mobile tourism shopping.
Investigating mobile broadband adoption and usage: A case of smartphones in Sweden.
Modeling for effective collaboration in telemedicine.
Editorial of the Special Issue on Digital Cities.
The promise of audience transparency. Exploring users' perceptions and behaviors towards visualizations of networked audiences on Facebook.
Social media usage and organizational performance: Reflections of Malaysian social media managers.
Turkish diasporic responses to the Taksim Square protests: Legacy media and social media uses in Belgium, the Netherlands and Germany.
Inventing e-regulation in the US, EU and East Asia: conflicting social visions of the Information Society.
A features analysis of vertical integration on American television network websites.
Regulation, investment and efficiency in the transition to next generation broadband networks: Evidence from the European Union.
The underlying factors of the perceived usefulness of using smart wearable devices for disaster applications.
Expanding the presidential debate by tweeting: The 2012 presidential election debate in South Korea.
Diffusion of e-commerce: an analysis of the adoption of four e-commerce activities.
Imaginaries of ownership: The logic of participation in the moral economy of 3D software design.
Involuntary migration in cyberspaces: The case of MSN messenger discontinuation.
Re-examining fundamental GIS implementation constructs through the grounded theory approach.
Determinants of customer loyalty in the Korean smartphone market: Moderating effects of usage characteristics.
Information and communication technology and women empowerment in Iran.
DTV standards and transition: A comparative policy analysis.
Web_2.0 and five years since: How the combination of technological and organizational initiatives influences an organization's long-term Web_2.0 performance.
Mobile Communication Price Parity and index: Making money off the poor.
What are shaping the ethical bottom line?: Identifying factors influencing young readers' acceptance of digital news photo alteration.
Time displacement effect of online video services on other media in South Korea.
A compound real option and AHP methodology for evaluating ICT business alternatives.
Associations between screen media parenting practices and children's screen time in Lebanon.
Evaluating Internet technologies business effectiveness.
The social uses of Internet in Mexico: A case study.
From IPv4 to IPv6: Lost in translation?
Applying privacy on the dissemination of location information.
Handling online service recovery: Effects of perceived justice on online games.
Participation, citizenship and internet use among South African youth.
Consumers' willingness-to-pay for mobile telecommunication service bundles.
Mobile application market: A developer's perspective.
ADSL deployment in the Community of Madrid: Investigating the geographical factors of the digital divide.
Copyright: rights-holders, users and innovators.
The Facebook Phenomenon.
The role of website format, blog use, and information-gathering acquaintance in online message assessment.
Contemporary television scene in India.
A profile of the Internet shoppers: Evidence from nine countries.
Social activity and structural centrality in online social networks.
Gaps in the worldwide information explosion: How the Internet is affecting the worldwide knowledge gap.
Mediated political communication, the Internet, and the new knowledge elites: prospects and portents.
Effects of branded e-stickers on purchase intentions: The perspective of social capital theory.
Understanding China's telecommunications policymaking and reforms: a tale of transition toward liberalization.
Privacy, identity and security in ambient intelligence: A scenario analysis.
A geographic perspective on commercial Internet survivability.
Communication imperatives for indigenous peoples' representation in policy making: Lessons from the IPRA (Indigenous Peoples Rights Act) experience.
The emerging viewertariat in South Korea: The Seoul mayoral TV debate on Twitter, Facebook, and blogs.
Participative ICT4D and living lab research: The case study of a mobile social media application in a rural Tanzanian University setting.
The development of the Internet in South Africa.
From ubicomp to ubiex(pectations).
Factors influencing the low usage of smart TV services by the terminal buyers in Korea.
Policy implications of market segmentation as a determinant of fixed-mobile service substitution: What it means for carriers and policy makers.
The arts of indigenous online dissent: Negotiating technology, indigeneity, and activism in the Cordillera.
A systematic review of Internet banking adoption.
Sousveillance: Communities of resistance to the surveillance environment.
The effects of psychological ownership and TAM on social media loyalty: An integrated model.
The impact of the Internet in banking: observations and evidence from developed and emerging markets.
The drivers of services on next-generation networks.
What drives electronic word-of-mouth on social networking sites? Perspectives of social capital and self-determination.
Business modeling and financial analysis for Metropolitan Area Networks: Evidence from Greece.
The digital switchover as an information society initiative: The role of public policy in promoting access to digital ICTs.
Predicting tablet use: A study of gratifications-sought, leisure boredom, and multitasking.
R.I.P.: Remain in perpetuity. Facebook memorial pages.
Telecommunications policy in Pakistan.
Online news reports of air quality issues in Beijing.
First person paparazzi: Why social media should be studied more like video games.
The influence of social and cultural factors on mothers' domestication of household ICTs - Experiences of Chinese and Korean women.
Biased choice of a mobile telephony tariff type: : Exploring usage boundary perceptions as a cognitive cause in choosing between a use-based or a flat rate plan.
The influence of repetition and time pressure on effectiveness of mobile advertising messages.
Assessing the displacement effects of the Internet.
Students' learning styles and their effects on the use of social media technology for learning.
Perceptions of public mobile phone conversations and conversationalists.
Measuring the technological change and productivity in food, textile and chemical industries in Kuwait (1992-2002).
Redundant wireless communication technologies for real-time surveillance.
'Pirate' radio, convergence and reception in Zimbabwe.
The influence of humanlike navigation interface on users' responses to Internet advertising.
VOIP-telephone service: Economic efficiencies and policy implications.
Young mobile users: Radical and individual - Not.
Contextualizing the role of technologies in the process of civic and political change in Asia.
Texting versus talking: An exploration in telecommunication language.
A low overhead scaled equalized harmonic-based voice authentication system.
Determinants of the adoption of e-business technologies.
Applying the theory of planned behavior to adolescents' acceptance of online friendship requests sent by strangers.
Factors influencing SMEs website continuance intention in Malaysia.
A service oriented approach to Business Intelligence in Telecoms industry.
Mobile-banking adoption by Iranian bank clients.
Disruptive innovation for social change: how technology innovation can be best managed in social context.
The value chain and e-business in exporting: Case studies from Ghana's non-traditional export (NTE) sector.
Relative and absolute components of leapfrogging in mobile phones by developing countries.
Social media and online political participation: The mediating role of exposure to cross-cutting and like-minded perspectives.
Forecasting user demand for wireless services: A socio-economic approach for Europe.
Iris recognition and the challenge of homeland and border control security in UAE.
The television of abundance arrives: cable choices and interest maximization.
Exploring the patterns and determinants of the global mobile divide.
On Impact Factors and Research Assessment. At the Start of Volume 31 of Telematics and Informatics.
Let's Meet! A participatory-based discovery and rendezvous mobile marketing framework.
VoIP: A debate over information service or telephone application in US: A new perspective in convergence era.
The ethical attitudes of information systems professionals: outcomes of an initial survey.
On living in a techno-globalised world: Questions of history and geography.
Factors influencing Chinese tourists' intentions to use the Taiwan Medical Travel App.
Robots for kids.
The Digital Gap in Maracaibo city in Venezuela.
The relation between content providers and distributors: Lessons from the regulation of television distribution in the United Kingdom.
Predictors of support for doctoral programs in media information technologies.
Dynamic change of manufacturing and service industries network in mobile ecosystems: The case of Korea.
Barriers and drivers in the adoption of current and future mobile services in Finland.
Smart phone demand: An empirical study on the relationships between phone handset, Internet access and mobile services.
Contextualization of motivations determining the continuance intention to use smart devices among people with physical disabilities.
Prospectus of mobile TV: Another bubble or killer application?
Next generation broadband - Content and user perspectives.
Policies for online privacy in the United States and the European Union.
Technological development of Brazilian telecommunications in past decades.
Differences between LTE and 3G service customers: Business and policy implications.
Digital media use and participation leadership in social protests: The case of Tiananmen commemoration in Hong Kong.
Are you addicted to Candy Crush Saga? An exploratory study linking psychological factors to mobile social game addiction.
The use of Web2.0 style technologies among Chinese civil society organizations.
Mobile DRM--usability out the door?.
Automatic monitoring of cyberbullying on social networking sites: From technological feasibility to desirability.
An electronic voting service to support decision-making in local government.
Resistance of channels: Television distribution in the multiplatform era.
An empirical study of the factors affecting Internet security for the financial industry in Taiwan.
Early diffusion of smartphones in OECD and BRICS countries: An examination of the effects of platform competition and indirect network effects.
Does the proactive personality mitigate the adverse effect of technostress on productivity in the mobile environment?
The effect of online interruptions on the quality of cognitive performance.
Mobile computing and networking technologies.
Demand for broadband access in Greece.
Connecting business models with service platform designs: Exploiting potential of scenario modeling.
Modelling upper echelons' behavioural drivers of Green IT/IS adoption using an integrated Interpretive Structural Modelling - Analytic Network Process approach.
Commons-based peer production and digital fabrication: The case of a RepRap-based, Lego-built 3D printing-milling machine.
A co-operative environment for local government: an Internet-Intranet approach.
The influence of sectarian and tribal discourse in newspapers readers' online comments about freedom of expression, censorship and national unity in Kuwait.
MEMIS: A Mobile-Supported English-Medium Instruction System.
Emotional criticism as public engagement: How weibo users discuss "Peking University statues wear face-masks".
Growth in adversity: non-economic factors in telecommunications development in China.
Young school children's use of digital devices and parental rules.
Information technology use among individuals in rich and poor countries: The disappearing divide.
Bodily dimensions of reading and writing practices on paper and digitally.
Evolutionary dynamics of media convergence: Early mobile web and its standardisation at W3C.
Post-industrialism and Silicon Valley as models of industrial governance in Australian public policy.
Understanding emotions experienced when using a mobile phone in public: The social usability of mobile (cellular) telephones.
Technological innovations and 3G mobile phone diffusion: Lessons learned from Japan.
Multiple determinants of life quality: the roles of Internet activities, use of new media, social support, and leisure activities.
An economic perspective on software licenses--open source, maintainers and user-developers.
Reducing asymmetric information in insurance markets: Cars with black boxes.
DRMS, TCP and the EUCD: technology and law.
Telecommunications development in Africa: filling the gap.
Technology fluidity and on-demand webcasting adoption.
Creating a virtual community to enhance member services: credit unions and e-commerce.
Understanding and predicting the motivators of mobile music acceptance - A multi-stage MRA-artificial neural network approach.
The influence of expanding media menus on audience content selection.
The generic architecture for data/internet telephony in Nigeria.
The promises of iDTV: Between push marketing and consumer needs.
Cooperation models for mobile television in Europe.
A dynamic model of Cyber-entrepreneurship and cluster formation: applications in the United States and in the Low Countries.
Information Technologies and Global Politics, James N. Rosenau and J.P. Singh (eds.); Albany, NY: State University of New York Press, 2002, 312 pages, ISBN 0-7914-5204-2.
Consumer preferences for improvements in mobile telecommunication services.
Introduction to 'Green ICT'.
Understanding impact of convergence on broadband industry regulation: a case study of the United States.
A normative approach to reducing illegal music downloading: The persuasive effects of normative message framing.
Integrating social networks in a lobbying campaign: The case study of Intermarch&eacute;, a supermarket chain.
Analyzing the effects of technological, organizational and competition factors on Web knowledge exchange in SMEs.
On-Cloud Healthcare Clinic: An e-health consultancy approach for remote communities in a developing country.
The relationship between smartphone usage, tourist experience and trip satisfaction in the context of a nature-based destination.
Community media: "Flavour of the decade" worldwide. A keynote address at the AMARC Europe Conference.
Efficient web-based open and distance learning services.
Exploring factors affecting the adoption of mobile commerce in Singapore.
Acceptance of mobile banking framework in Pakistan.
Mobile advertising: The changing landscape of the advertising industry.
Internet telephony in India.
Does genre type influence choice of video platform? A study of college student use of internet and television for specific video genres.
Cultural contradictions of the anytime, anywhere economy: reframing communication technology.
Electronic markets in the post-euphoric phase: relationships, values and behaviors.
On the edge. AMARC Europe between 'movement entrepreneurs' and the grassroots. Notes from the Bucharest meeting.
The use of online bulletin boards by females in the Gulf Cooperation Council Countries.
ICT expansion and the digital divide in democratic freedoms: An analysis of the impact of ICT expansion, education and ICT filtering on democracy.
Platform proliferation and its implications for domestic content policies.
Participation - In what? Radio, convergence and the corporate logic of audience input through new media in Zambia.
Ecological views of big data: Perspectives and issues.
Facebook as virtual classroom - Social networking in learning and teaching among Serbian students.
Mobile phone communication in social support networks of older adults in Slovenia.
Development of alternative broadband infrastructures - Case studies from Denmark.
An Integrated Adoption Model of Mobile Cloud Services: Exploration of Key Determinants and Extension of Technology Acceptance Model.
Motivations as predictors of information source perceptions: traditional media and new technologies.
A new dimension of the digital divide: Exploring the relationship between broadband connection, smartphone use and communication competence.
Book Reviews.
FOOM: a diagrammatic illustration of Object-Z specifications.
A reliable and flexible type system for object-oriented programming.
An object-oriented denotational semantics of a small programming language.
Task scripts, use cases and scenarios in object oriented analysis.
Perceptual complexity of object oriented systems: a student view.
Coupling and cohesion (towards a valid metrics suite for object-oriented analysis and design).
Abstracting object state.
Encapsulation and composition as orthogonal operators on mixins: a solution to multiple inheritance problems.
ObjVProlog-D: distributed object-oriented programming in logic.
Book Reviews.
An implementation of Telos in Common Lisp.
SYMPAL: a software environment for implicit concurrent object-oriented programming.
On the use of static typing to support operations on frameworks.
Defining composition operators for object interaction.
E-Business Among Ethnic Minority Businesses: The Case of Ethnic Entrepreneurs.
Quantifying Factors Influencing the Adoption of Internet Banking Services in Greece.
Innovation in Learning: Innovative Tools and Techniques for Learning.
An ICT Enabled Conceptual Framework for Determining Epidemic Susceptibility and Acute Type Response: An Exemplar from India.
Costs of E-Learning Support: An Investigation Across 139 Small Projects.
The Examination of User Habits through the Google Analytic Data of Academic Education Platforms.
Factors Affecting the E-Commerce Adoption by Small Hotels: A Comparative Case Study.
The Validity and Reliability Study of a Revised Motivated Strategy for Learning Questionnaire (MSLQ) for Assessing Computer Software Learning Strategies.
Requirements and Properties of Qualified Electronic Delivery Systems in eGovernment: An Austrian Experience.
The Pros and Cons of Digital Divide and E-Readiness Assessments.
A Study on the Role of Open Education Faculty, the Leader of Distance Learning in Turkey, in Higher Education and its Educational-Social Dynamics.
E-Assessment as a Driver for Cultural Change in Network-Centric Learning.
Factors Influencing E-Commerce Growth: A Comparative Study of Central Asian Transition Economies.
Measuring Lecturers' Perception of Transition to E-Learning Systems and Digital Divide: A Case Study in School of Business Administration of Istanbul University.
A Model of Leadership Behavior in Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games.
Measuring the Acceptance of Internet Technology by Consumers.
Why do People Continue to Play Social Network Game (SNG)?: An Empirical Study by Social and Emotional Perspectives.
Preventing Social Engineering and Espionage in Collaborative Knowledge Management Systems (KMSs).
Teachers' Perceptions of the Interactive Boards for Teaching and Learning: The Case of Arab Teachers in Israel.
Electronic Voting by Means of Digital Terrestrial Television The Infrastructure, Security Issues and a Real Test-bed.
The Adoption of Web-Based Supply Chain Management Applications: An Institutional Perspective.
From The City Of Bits to E-Topia: Space, Citizenship and Community as Global Strategy.
Strategy and Structure in a Virtual Organization.
A Household Internet Adoption Model Based on Integration of Technology Acceptance Model, Theory of Planned Behavior, and Uses and Gratifications Theory: An Empirical Study on Iranian Households.
Perceived Utility in Online Auctions: A Joint-Effect of Vendor, Product and Pricing.
Exploration on E-learning Methods and Factors Hindering their Usage: An Empirical Case Investigation.
An Improved Dynavote E-Voting Protocol Implementation.
Internet Marketing &amp; SMEs.
Investigation of Student Learning Assistance through Online Academic Help-Seeking and a Mobile Application: A Quasi-Experimental Approach.
Investigating the Attitude of Students Towards Online Learning.
Theorizing Intercultural Accommodation in Consumer E-Commerce.
Understanding the Continued Usage Intention of Educators toward an e-Learning System.
Examining Diffusion and Sustainability of E-Learning Strategies through Weblog Data.
An Empirical Investigation of Internet Users' Perceptions towards National and International e-Shops.
Diffusion of E-Learning Practice in an Educational Institution: Organizational Learning Attributes and Capabilities.
Wiki Interaction Tracks in Geometry Learning.
Evaluating Mobile Application Development Firms: Comparing Views of Advertisers and Advertising Agencies.
Consumers' Perceptions towards E-Shopping Advertisements and Promotional Actions in Social Networking Sites.
Who Likes to Meet Blind Dating on the Internet?
Small Business Sales Growth and Internationalization Links to Web Site Functions in the United Kingdom.
E-Commerce Training with Virtual Commerce Simulation.
Employees' Perceptions of Biometric Technology Adoption in E-Government: An Exploratory Study in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
From "S" to "J": A Theoretical Technology Adoption Rate Model.
Students' Satisfaction from E-Learning System: A Case Study of Virtual University of Pakistan.
Use of Virtual Classrooms in Online Learning Environments.
The Impact of In-Group Membership on e-Loyalty of Women Online Shoppers: An Application of the Social Identity Approach to Website Design.
Modeling the Determinants Affecting Consumers' Acceptance and Use of Information and Communications Technology.
Interactive Self-Assessment Questions within a Virtual Environment.
Are We There Yet?: An Exploratory Predictive Study of Instructor Acceptance of an Educational Tablet Computer.
B2B E-Commerce Institutionalization in SMEs in Less Developed Countries: A Model and Instrument.
Multi-Dimensional Factors Impacting on E-Government Adoption in Botswana, Mozambique and Malawi.
User Acceptance of Internet Banking In Malaysia: Test of Three Competing Models.
Electronic Customer Relationship Management and SME Marketing Practice: Exploring Potential Synergies.
Are ICT/Web 2.0 Tools Influencing Civic Engagement in Modern Democracies?: An Exploratory Analysis from India.
Usability Testing of an Interactive Online Movie Download Service: A HCI Study.
Developing a Hierarchy Model for Selection of Social Media Manager.
Towards Active Citizen-Centric E-Government Systems for Developing Countries.
Knowledge Sharing Adoption Model Based on Artificial Neural Networks.
Determinants of E-Payment Systems Success: A User's Satisfaction Perspective.
Role of Subjective Norms and Perceived Behavioral Control of Tax Payers in Acceptance of E-Tax Payment System.
Electronic Voting Using Identity Domain Separation and Hardware Security Modules.
Determinants of Adopting Intelligent Broadband Services in Residential Community.
Determinates of Consumer Adoption Attitudes: An Empirical Study of Smart Home Services.
Factors Influencing Consumer Adoption for Network Fellowship Auction in Taiwan.
Identifying Priority Using an Importance-Performance Matrix Analysis (IPMA): The Case of Internet Banking in Malaysia.
Big Data Management Challenges in a Meteorological Organisation.
Performative Actions in E-Adoption Processes: Strategic Efforts in a Local Government.
Evolution, Development and Growth of Electronic Money.
Intranet as a Quality Manual in Higher Education.
A Qualitative Study on the Adoption of Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Practice.
Assessing Citizens Acceptance of Mobile Voting System in Developing Countries: The Case of Egypt.
Gender and Age: Moderators or Predictors of E-Government Acceptance?
An Analysis of the Education Category in App Markets.
Improving Students' Computing Skills and Attitudes toward Learning via Web-Mediated Self-Regulated Learning with Feedback in an Online Problem-Solving Environment.
Web Site Localization Practices: Some Insights into the Localization Industry.
Trust in E-Commerce: Social Networks vs. Institutional Credibility.
Optimal Selection of Korean Dramas for Commercial TV Stations in Taiwan by Using the AHP.
Satisfying Public Relations: The Promise of Social Media in the UAE.
Relationships between Individuals' Convergence Readiness and Performance in Using Mobile Phones.
Supporting Online Collaborative Mathematical Exploration: Studying the Development of Collective Knowledge within Math-Towers.
Digital Divide and e-Readiness: Trends and Gaps.
Digital Natives and H1N1: How Adversity Can Drive Change.
Examining Mobile Banking User Trust: A Tripartite Perspective.
Information Systems Innovations Adoption and Diffusion Among SMEs: Current Status and Future Prospects.
Discrete Event Simulation and Real Time Locating Systems: Technology Integration for Process Improvement.
The Different Key Processes in the Implementation of Knowledge Management Among IC Designers, Distributors and Manufacturers.
User Acceptance of Location-Based Mobile Advertising: An Empirical Study in Iran.
The Effect of Online Collaboration Environment on Prospective Teachers' Attitude and the Evaluation of Their Opinions.
Driving IT Architecture Innovation: The Roles of Competing Organizational Cultures and Collaborating Upper Echelons.
Adoption of PBL to Online Environments: Student's Perspectives.
Impact of E-Adoption on Teaching and Learning in the Context of Teaching French.
Evaluating the Virtual Products for Online Games via the Grey Relational Analysis.
Exploring the Factors Affecting the Intention to Use C2C Auction Websites in Egypt.
Enablers for Patients to Adopt Web-Based Personal Health Records (PHR).
Future Developments of E-Modules: The Role of Interactive Tools and Multimedia in Teaching European Studies Online.
An Assessment Method of the Integrated E-Commerce Readiness for Construction Organizations in Developing Countries.
A Conceptual Framework for Online Stock Trading Service Adoption.
An Evaluation of WebCT Course Content Management System at the University of Botswana.
Social Commerce from a Theory of Planned Behavior Paradigm: An Analysis of Purchase Intention.
Determinants of E-Banking Among Bruneian Corporate Customers: An Application of Theory of Planned Behavior.
Readiness to Adopt E-Business Among SMEs in Malaysia: Antecedents and Consequence.
Implementing Scanned Medical Record Systems in Australia: A Structured Case Study on Envisioned Changes to Elective Admissions Process in a Victorian Hospital.
Adoption of E-Government Services: The Case of Electronic Approval System.
Determinants of E-Commerce Adoption Among Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises in Malaysia.
Towards E-Society Policy Interoperability for Social Web Networks.
Exploring Antecedents of Behavior Intention to Use Internet Banking in Korea: Adoption Perspective.
A Roadmap to Implement Rapid Transition as a Proposal of e-Learning Model.
Utility of a Technology Allocation Matrix for Optimizing Telehealth Services: A Case Study of Telemonitoring in Congestive Heart Failure.
Not a Casual Review: Reading Jesper Juul's A Casual Revolution.
How's the Weather: Simulating Weather in Virtual Environments.
The Achievement Machine: Understanding Xbox 360 Achievements in Gaming Practices.
Interactivity, Inhabitation and Pragmatist Aesthetics.
Self-Portrayal in a Simulated Life: Projecting Personality and Values in The Sims 2.
Where the Action is.
The Gaming Situation.
Electronic Empire: Orientalism Revisited in the Military Shooter.
Beyond Myth and Metaphor - The Case of Narrative in Digital Media.
Living a Virtual Life: Social Dynamics of Online Gaming.
Gaming Culture at the Boundaries of Play.
The Character of Difference: Procedurality, Rhetoric, and Roleplaying Games.
Can A Table Stand On One Leg? Critical and Ludological Thoughts on Star Wars: Galaxies.
A Procrustean Probe.
When Seams Fall Apart - Video Game Space and the Player.
Dynamic Lighting for Tension in Games.
Guest Editors Introduction. Papers from the Conference "Playing with the Future: Development and Directions in Computer Gaming", Manchester, April 2002.
Defining Game Mechanics.
Pretty Hate Machines: A Review of <i>Gameplay Mode</i>.
Play Dead - Genre and Affect in Silent Hill and Planescape Torment.
Subjective Measures of the Influence of Music Customization on the Video Game Play Experience: A Pilot Study.
Tags, Threads, and Frames: Toward a Synthesis of Interaction Ritual and Livejournal Roleplaying.
Unplaying an Unreview of Critical Play.
Interaction Forms and Communicative Actions in Multiplayer Games.
A "Digital Culture, Play and Identity: A World of Warcraft Reader" Reader.
http: //gamestudies.org/1103/articles/sicart_ap.
Street Fighter and The King of Fighters in Hong Kong: A Study of Cultural Consumption and Localization of Japanese Games in an Asian Context.
Optimizing Play: How Theorycraft Changes Gameplay and Design.
The Productive Paradox of Critical Play.
World of Warcraft: Service or Space?
Audio and Gameplay: An Analysis of PvP Battlegrounds in World of Warcraft.
Quests in Context: A Comparative Analysis of Discworld and World of Warcraft.
Formal Models and Game Design.
The Ending is Not Yet Written: A Conversation with Rand Miller.
The Worldness of EverQuest: Exploring a 21st Century Fiction.
Game analysis: Developing a methodological toolkit for the qualitative study of games.
Interview with Brad McQuaid and Kevin McPherson.
Towards a Critical Aesthetic of Virtual-World Geographies.
Games Telling stories? - A brief note on games and narratives.
Achievements, Motivations and Rewards in Faunasphere.
Loading the Dice: The Challenge of Serious Videogames.
Bish&#333;jo Games: 'Techno-Intimacy' and the Virtually Human in Japan.
Hats of Affect: A Study of Affect, Achievements and Hats in Team Fortress 2.
Game Noir - A Conversation with Tim Schafer.
Review: Germans at Play.
Sims, BattleBots, Cellular Automata God and Go - A Conversation with Will Wright.
The Playful and the Serious: An approximation to Huizinga's <i>Homo Ludens</i>.
The Accidental Carjack: Ethnography, Gameworld Tourism, and Grand Theft Auto.
Tensions Between Meaning Construction and Persuasion in Games.
Befriending Ogres and Wood-Elves: Relationship Formation and The Social Architecture of Norrath.
Reading Processes: Groundwork for Software Studies.
The Dungeon and the Ivory Tower: Vive La Difference ou Liaison Dangereuse?
Special Issue - Game Reward Systems.
What WarioWare can teach us about Game Design.
Rarity and Power: Balance in Collectible Object Games.
Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown - Interactivity and signification in Head Over Heels.
A survey method for assessing perceptions of a game: The consumer playtest in game design.
Norrath: New Forms, Old Institutions.
Play Along - An Approach to Videogame Music.
The Leisure of Serious Games: A Dialogue.
Gaming (Ad)diction: Discourse, Identity, Time and Play in the Production of the Gamer Addiction Myth.
Cheesers, Pullers, and Glitchers: The Rhetoric of Sportsmanship and the Discourse of Online Sports Gamers.
Balancing Risk and Reward to Develop an Optimal Hot-Hand Game.
The fun is back!.
Playing With Players - Potential Methodologies for MUDs.
Guest Editor's Introduction: Selected Papers from the Game Cultures Conference at Bristol 2001.
Improving Computer Game Narrative Using Polti Ratios.
Unlocking the Gameworld: The Rewards of Space and Time in Videogames.
Social Realism in Gaming.
Cultural Framing of Computer/Video Games.
Moral Decision Making in Fallout.
The Games Economists Play - Implications of Economic Game Theory for the Study of Computer Games.
"Interactive Cinema" Is an Oxymoron, but May Not Always Be.
Learning to Play or Playing to Learn - A Critical Account of the Models of Communication Informing Educational Research on Computer Gameplay.
Virtual Torture: Videogames and the War on Terror.
Latin America's New Cultural Industries still Play Old Games, From the Banana Republic to Donkey Kong.
Making the Water Move: Techno-Historic Limits in the Game Aesthetics of Myst and Doom.
A Conversation with Raph Koster.
Hackers, History, and Game Design: What Racing the Beam Is Not.
Combat in Context.
Interview with Chris Lena.
Two Players: Biography and 'Played Sociality' in EverQuest.
The Agony and the Exidy: A History of Video Game Violence and the Legacy of Death Race.
Special Issue - EQ: 10 Years Later.
Victorian Snakes? Towards A Cultural History of Mobile Games and the Experience of Movement.
Computer Games Have Words, Too: Dialogue Conventions in Final Fantasy VII.
Is It Possible to Build Dramatically Compelling Interactive Digital Entertainment (in the form, e.g., of computer games)?
Screw the Grue: Mediality, Metalepsis, Recapture.
Constitutive Tensions of Gaming's Field: UK gaming magazines and the formation of gaming culture 1981-1995.
What is Love?
A Survey of First-person Shooters and their Avatars.
Myths, Monsters and Markets: Ethos, Identification, and the Video Game Adaptations of The Lord of the Rings.
The Myth of the Ergodic Videogame - Some thoughts on player-character relationships in videogames.
Tragedies of the ludic commons - understanding cooperation in multiplayer games.
The Semiotics of Time Structure in Ludic Space As a Foundation for Analysis and Design.
Halo and the Anatomy of the FPS.
Playing and Gaming - Reflections and Classifications.
Tombstones, Uncanny Monuments and Epic Quests: Memorials in World of Warcraft.
Critical Theory, Political Economy and Game Studies: A Review of "Games of Empire: Global Capitalism and Video Games".
A Meaningful Read: Rules of Play reviewed.
The repeatedly lost art of studying games.
The Pastoral and the Sublime in Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion.
Narrative, Games, and Theory.
Player-Centred Game Design: Experiences in Using Scenario Study to Inform Mobile Game Design.
Computer Game Studies, Year One.
The Hunt for Collaborative War Gaming - CASE: Battlefield 1942.
Diminutive Subjects, Design Strategy, and Driving Sales: Preschoolers and the Nintendo DS.
Creative Player Actions in FPS Online Video Games - Playing Counter-Strike.
"I Hope You Never See Another Day Like This": Pedagogy &amp; Allegory in "Post 9/11" Video Games.
Novices, Gamers, and Scholars: Exploring the Challenges of Teaching About Games.
Planes of Power: EverQuest as Text, Game and Community.
Lara Croft: Feminist Icon or Cyberbimbo? On the Limits of Textual Analysis.
Wrap Your Troubles in Dreams: Popular Music, Narrative, and Dystopia in Bioshock.
Brutally Unfair Tactics Totally OK Now: On Self-Effacing Games and Unachievements.
Technology Trees: Freedom and Determinism in Historical Strategy Games.
Congenial by Design: A Review of A Casual Revolution.
The Sims: Grandmothers are cooler than trolls.
Adapting the Principles of Ludology to the Method of Video Game Content Analysis.
Player Dossiers: Analyzing Gameplay Data as a Reward.
Sim Sin City: some thoughts about Grand Theft Auto 3.
"I Lose, Therefore I Think" - A Search for Contemplation amid Wars of Push-Button Glare.
Perspectives of Computer Game Philology.
Signifying Play: The Sims and the Sociology of Interior Design.
Virtual Worlds Don't Exist: Questioning the Dichotomous Approach in MMO Studies.
On the Role of the Die: A brief ludologic study of pen-and-paper roleplaying games and their rules.
Computer Games as a Part of Children's Culture.
On Virtual Economies.
The Player with Many Faces - A Conversation with Louis Castle.
A comparative analysis of management accounting systems' impact on lean implementation.
Exploring Knowledge Management (KM) issues and KM performance outcomes: empirical evidence from Malaysian Multimedia Super Corridor companies.
Intellectual capital and business performance in the Portuguese banking industry.
The impact of founders' academic experiences on linking with local alma maters for Chinese start-ups.
An empirical investigation on the appropriateness of flexibility approach to the product portfolio selection.
Measuring the impact of global information technology applications.
Marketing intellectual property using electronic libraries: a survey of system-on-chip engineers and managers in Sweden and Taiwan.
Reinventing suggestion systems for continuous improvement.
Meeting technology needs of enterprises for national competitiveness.
The knowledge economy: concept, global trends and strategic challenges for Africa in the quest for sustainable development.
The effect of symbiosis strategy on opportunity creation: case study of new ventures in China.
Strategy and strategic action in the global era: overcoming the knowing-doing gap.
Abduction for creativity.
Do firms require an efficient innovation system to develop innovative technological capabilities? Empirical evidence from Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.
E-entrepreneurship strategies to overcome barriers to market entry - a system theory and cybernetics perspective.
Assessing innovativeness through organisational adaptability: a contingency approach.
Applying cluster analysis to build a patient-centric healthcare service strategy for elderly patients.
Customer oriented scientific design: a "contradiction in terminis" or a winning combination?
Cross-border networking in the Saar-Lor-Lux Region? Risks and opportunities of regional economic policies.
Visualising strategy: a classification of graphical roadmap forms.
The knowledge-bridging role of Technical and Scientific Services in knowledge-intensive industries.
Why and how do academics bridge the gap between invention and innovation?
Trust in European-Japanese R&amp;D partnerships: a case study.
Recruiting and retaining R&amp;D professionals in China.
A variable sampling interval S<sup>2</sup>-EWMA control chart for monitoring the process variance.
Exploring an effective model of new product development in medical devices: a knowledge cluster approach.
Editorial: Technology and innovation management: past research, present findings and future directions.
Flexibility in innovation through external learning: exploring two models for enhanced industry-university collaboration.
GEM: GRAI evolution method: a case study.
Universities as patent- and licensing income-generating institutions: a survey in Taiwan.
Technology innovation and knowledge management in the high-tech industry.
Learning to grow: How new, small, high technology firms acquire cognitive and socio-political legitimacy in their regions.
An innovative management system to create new values.
The role of knowledge and information in innovation: the case of genetic engineering.
Investigating open innovation strategies: a simulation study.
Product quality improvement.
The economic impact of Taiwan's investment tax credits and its direction of adjustment.
Evolutionary knowledge management: a case of system development within the manufacturing industry.
When less is more but still not enough: managing academies of science in a globalised world.
Small enterprises as innovators: shift from a low performer to a high performer.
Modelling the inter-subjective level of innovation.
Territory, innovation processes in SMEs, and intermediary actors: the case of the ICT sector in the Greater Montreal Area.
Enterprise support system architecture: integrating DSS, EIS, and simulation technologies.
The entrepreneurial growth of firms located in clusters: a cross-case study.
Country attractiveness for foreign direct investment in e-commerce.
Incentives, coordination and learning in government-sponsored vs. spontaneous inter-firm research cooperation.
Real option's model to evaluate infrastructure flexibility: an application to photovoltaic technology.
Open innovation proclivity, entrepreneurial orientation, and perceived firm performance.
Virtual integration and profitability: some evidence from Taiwan's IC industry.
New product development and creativity management in Japanese video gaming software firms.
Technological strategies and trajectories of Hong Kong's manufacturing firms.
Performance measurement of corporate venture capital - balanced scorecard in theory and practice.
Standardisation and innovation in China: TD-SCDMA standard as a case.
An assessment of innovation policy in Taiwan's electric vehicle industry.
Valuing Hosted VoIP services in the enterprise market: case application using real options.
The role of regional location in innovativeness.
Product development for successive generations: creating decision support graphic information utilising a generalised cost performance curve.
The intranet: a platform for knowledge management system based on knowledge mapping.
The role of engineering in knowledge management - the key to wealth creation.
Dealing with discontinuous innovation: the European experience.
Geo-cultural influences and critical factors in inter-firm collaboration.
Sectoral systems of innovation in Asia. The case of software research activities.
New ventures based on open innovation - an empirical analysis of start-up firms in embedded Linux.
Leveraging multinational corporations, fostering technopreneurship: the changing role of S&amp;T policy in Singapore.
Do companies with a competitive advantage make better use of IT? Evidence from Italian enterprises.
Innovation quality in the automobile industry: measurement indicators and performance implications.
Learning in a consortium: a longitudinal case study.
Narrating the Triple Helix concept in "weak" regions: lessons from Sweden.
Causal ambiguity of technological competencies, human resource practices and competitive advantage.
A comparative analysis of EDI integration in US and Japanese automobile suppliers.
Graduate management of technology education: a global survey, critical issues and emerging trends.
A longitudinal examination of performance of two ways on innovation in Taiwan: internal R&amp;D investment and external technology aquisition.
What project management really is about: alternative perspectives on the role and practice of project management.
A taxonomy of model-based redundancy methods for CMM online performance verification.
Applying multivariate time series models to technological product sales forecasting.
Transforming a semiconductor company into a learning organisation: a bottom-up approach of knowledge management implementation.
Science cities: their characteristics and future challenges.
Developing university-business cooperation through work-integrated learning.
Institutions and coordination: what is the contribution of a proximity-based analysis? The case of Airbus and its relations with the subcontracting network.
Beyond Knut Holt's Fusion model, balancing market pull and technology push.
Societal reaction to the power frequency electric and magnetic field effects of electric utility systems.
Advancing the forecasting innovation pathways approach: hybrid and electric vehicles case.
Capturing strategic alliance outcomes: an analysis of motives, objectives and outcomes.
Firm's typology and strategic innovation among Chinese cosmetic industry - a strategic transformation tool.
Determinants of Organisational Learning in the generation of technological distinctive competencies.
Business model innovation for sustainable energy: how German municipal utilities invest in offshore wind energy.
University technology commercialisation offices - a New Zealand perspective.
Governance contingencies for strategic technology alliances: a case in wireless business.
Enhancing innovation for sustainable growth and competitiveness in North African countries.
Software for inventive problem-solving.
Model-based transportation policy analysis.
Operational effectiveness and strategic flexibility: scales for performance assessment of new product development systems.
Top management team advice-seeking and environmental competitiveness impacts on technological innovation.
Individual careers and collective research: is there a paradox?
Innovation and R&amp;D management: are new paradigms observable?
Typical modes and characteristics of reverse innovation: a multiple cases study on five enterprises operated in China.
Cluster behaviour and economic development: new challenges in policy evaluation.
A maturity model to assess organisational readiness for change.
The determinants of corporate growth: evidence from Chinese high technology firms.
The internal entrepreneur as a catalyst to successful product development: a case study.
Maintaining funding in large-scale international science projects.
Dynamic strategic groups' analysis and identification of mobility barriers in the European mobile phone industry.
Reinforcing experiential learning with training culture as an innovative governance strategy in informal microfinance institutions.
A problem-based learning approach in entrepreneurship education: promoting authentic entrepreneurial learning.
Formation of a generic technique for manufacturing systems monitoring.
Managing strategic ambidexterity: the spin-along approach.
Information, knowledge and technology management: national information technology policies for sustainable development.
Stepwise innovation adoption: a neglected concept in innovation research.
Measuring product structures to improve demand-supply chain efficiency.
From low tech to high tech: product development strategies for finding new markets and technologies.
One hundred years of superconductivity: science, technology, products, profits and industry structure.
Training of new product development for industrial engineering students: a case from the Kanazawa Institute of Technology.
Apoptosis: the way for science centres to thrive.
Technology-oriented new ventures and entry timing.
The effect of intellectual capital on product innovativeness in SMEs.
Domestic VCs versus foreign VCs: a close look at the Chinese venture capital industry.
The effects of government SMS in Taiwan.
Strategising for innovation and inter-firm collaboration: capability analysis in assessing competitive superiority.
The changing role of technology suppliers in the pharmaceutical industry: the case of drug delivery companies.
Absorptive capacity, coopetition and generation of product innovation: contrasting Italian and Portuguese manufacturing firms.
Securing intellectual assets: integrating the knowledge and innovation dimensions.
Technology development and acquisition strategy.
Knowledge management in hybrid supply channels: a case study.
A collaborative knowledge management tool for product innovation management.
The diffusion pattern of non-cash payments: evidence from China.
Real options for innovation management.
Continuous innovation and improvement of product platforms.
Supply chain impacts at Ericsson - from production units to demand-driven supply units.
Corporate foresight: integrating the future business environment into innovation and strategy.
Tangible slack versus intangible resources: the influence of technology slack and tacit knowledge on the capability of organisational learning to generate innovation and performance.
Global pharmaceutical industry: intellectual wealth and asset protection.
Three generic resource-based strategies.
Knowledge alliances and innovation performance: an empirical perspective on the role of network resources.
Transition of strategy, marketing, R&amp;D and new product development policies after mergers and acquisitions: a case study of SuperPower Inc. under US, Dutch and Japanese ownership.
Technology standards and increasing returns: Microsoft versus Nokia and Linux.
Biotechnology clusters, "Big Pharma" and the knowledge-driven economy.
The innovation process of entrepreneurial teams in dynamic business plan competition: from sense-making perspective.
Managing resource learning in distributed organisations with the organisational capability approach.
Inter-organisational routines and transformation of customer relationships in collaborative innovation.
Cluster characteristics and corporate performance: a case study of IT clusters in Korea.
National systems of economic learning: the case of technology diffusion management in East Asia.
Employing analytic tools in large-scale engineering public policy-making.
Implementing collaborative improvement - top-down, bottom-up or both?
Sources of innovation for high-tech SMEs: a comparison of USA, Canada, and Portugal.
Collaboration with foreign universities for innovation: evidence from Chinese manufacturing firms.
Determinants of organisational R&amp;D persistence: a case of semiconductor laser diodes in the USA and Japan.
Management of technical-personnel potential: five-factor performance model and its application to management in a Japanese automotive company.
Management of "technology push" development projects.
Absorptive capacity, network embeddedness and local firm's knowledge acquisition in the Global Manufacturing Network.
Intranet based system for a product innovation management process.
A reference model and integration framework for building enterprise computing platform.
Investigating the partnering strategy for information technology acquisition in public organisations.
Local innovation system governance and performance: a comparative analysis of Oxfordshire, Stuttgart and Toulouse.
Implementation of product strategy with differentiated standards.
Valuing technology along a timeline of technological maturity.
The role of Knowledge Management in the pharmaceutical enterprise.
The effects of board competence on operational innovation: tests of universal, contingency and configurational models.
How do foreign R&amp;D units in China manage their Chinese R&amp;D staff? An empirical exploration.
The development of business method patenting in the logistics industry - insights from the case of intelligent sensor networks.
Survival of science centres in New Zealand: what we can learn.
Improving the global competitiveness of retailers using a cultural analysis of in-store digital innovations.
A cybernetic model of corporate responsibility - sensing changes in business and society.
Software's "Functional Coding" and personnel mobility in technology transfer: linkage fields between industry and publicly funded research.
Why 'design' does not work well for cluster policy: with the implications for Science and Technology (S&amp;T) manpower policy.
Relationship-specific antecedents of customer involvement in new product development.
Exploring the knowledge complexities of innovation intermediaries: the case of nanotechnology in the UK.
The development of ICT clusters in European cities: towards a typology.
Internationalisation of research and development: the case of Taiwanese firms.
Fuzzy multiattribute analysis for evaluating firm technological innovation capability.
The asymmetries in strategic alliances of MNEs subsidiaries in Taiwan.
Industrial development and the dynamics of innovation in Hong Kong.
Value people, stay competitive: next Century's demands.
Transferring knowledge: PhD holders employed in Spanish technology centres.
R&amp;D resources and diversification: controlling for indirect diversification and endogeneity.
Product modularity and the product life cycle: new dynamics in the interactions of product and process technologies.
Social capital and the evaluation of innovation policies.
Cost-effective use of evaluation models: an empirical cross-national investigation.
Birth of a cluster: the microelectronics industry in the Marseilles Metropolitan Area.
Philosophies for integrated product development.
The influential factors on the diffusion of smartwatches in Korea.
Gaining competitive advantage through knowledge integration in a European industrialising economy.
Research partners.
R&amp;D group characteristics and Knowledge Management activities: a comparison between ventures and large firms.
Organisational approaches to building a radical innovation dynamic capability.
On business models, resources and exogenous (dis)continuous innovation: evidences from the mobile applications industry.
The metrics of technology evaluation: where we stand and where we should go from here.
Continuous learning in global product development: a cross-cultural comparison.
Managing strategic innovation: an analysis of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories.
European medium-technology innovation networks: a multi-methodological multi-regional approach.
The environmental sustainability of information systems: considering the impact of operational strategies and practices.
The Pacific Science Association: more than eight decades of science in and of the Pacific.
Knowledge management practices for innovation: an audit tool for improvement.
Strategy transformation under technological convergence: evidence from the printed electronics industry.
Foreign direct investment and spillovers of technology.
Why firms on science parks should not be expected to show better performance - the story of twelve biotechnology firms.
Innovating the innovation process.
Continuous improvement in The Netherlands: a survey-based study into current practices.
Impacts and relationships between three evolving disciplines.
Technology transfer to China: a study of strategy in 20 EU industrial companies.
A cross-national comparative analysis of industrial policy and competitive advantage.
The effect of R&amp;D-marketing integration on NPD success - the case of SMEs in the growing economy of Slovenia.
Academics as orchestrators of continuous innovation ecosystems: towards a fourth generation of CI initiatives.
Learning for innovation in high-technology small firms.
Using ontology-based knowledge networks for user training in managing healthcare processes.
Technology development in Latin America and the Caribbean: an evaluation of the process in Brazil using patent data.
Open innovation practices and innovative performances: an international comparative perspective.
An exploration into regional variation in innovative activity in China.
Sources of external organisational learning in small manufacturing firms.
The influence of learning in collaborative improvement.
New ways of innovation: an application of the cyclic innovation model to the mobile telecom industry.
A hypermedia knowledge management system for conflict resolution and policy-making for new telecommunications services.
Technological assets accumulation and organisational structure in Spanish telecommunications equipment manufacturing companies: a case study.
Technological catch-up and strategic technology partnering in developing countries.
Towards a multi-input model, method and tool for early design phases in innovation.
The buyer-supplier long-term partnership effects upon the buyer's operational performance in the Taiwan center-satellite factory system.
The determinants of the choice of innovation source for Chinese firms.
The role of foreign direct investment in Indonesia's industrial technology development.
FEA design and computation system for springs.
Leadership, learning and resources for the high-tech firm: an integrated view of technology management.
Urban knowledge parks, knowledge cities and urban sustainability.
The technological experiences and catching-up path in the Korean mobile equipment industry.
Technology marketing: a firm's core competence?
The diffusion of environmental technologies: the case of the Turkish fertiliser industry.
Analysis of document-mining techniques and tools for technology intelligence: discovering knowledge from technical documents.
Technology and market knowledge creation and idea generation: an integrated quality approach.
Investor relations for start-ups: an analysis of venture capital investors' communicative needs.
A study on the development methodology of the business model in ubiquitous technology.
The impact of KIBS on Japanese manufacturing corporations from the client-side point of view.
Enhancing the firm's innovation capability through knowledge management: a study of high technology firms in China.
Contextual factors and their effects on future entrepreneurs in China: a comparative study of entrepreneurial intentions.
The use of information technology for oil spill planning.
Restructuring European aeronautics SMEs: the role of formal examination knowledge.
Issues on the development and application of computer tools to support product structuring and configuring.
Diffusion of organisational innovation: knowledge transfer through social networks.
Application of the knowledge management in the knowledge-intensive service business: the case studies at ITIS and ITRI in Taiwan.
Towards sustainable competitive advantage by the innovation for the product value recovery: an empirical study in Spanish industrial companies.
Change prediction in innovative products to avoid emergency innovation.
Do incentives to industrial R&amp;D enhance research productivity and firm growth? Evidence from the Italian case.
Generating innovation opportunities: how to explore and absorb customer knowledge.
The internal attributes of technology as determinants of economic valuation of technology.
The 'industrialisation' of venture capital: new challenges for intermediation issues.
Does cross-functional integration lead to adaptive capabilities? Lessons from 188 Japanese product development projects.
International entrepreneurship in emerging economies: the role of social capital, knowledge development and entrepreneurial actions.
Networks of venture capital firms in Silicon Valley.
The SoS approach for lean manufacturing systems.
Alliance enigmas.
Learning from users for radical innovation.
A tale of two technologies: the financial chapter.
Virtual enterprises and virtual economy: manifestations and policy challenges.
Modular architectures, knowledge assets and organisational learning: new management processes for product creation.
Organisational learning in the new product development process: findings from three case studies in Brazilian manufacturing companies.
Performance measurement systems for knowledge management in high technology industries: a balanced scorecard framework.
Teaching knowledge management and intellectual capital lessons: an empirical examination of the Tango simulation.
Exploring the exploratory search for innovation: a structural equation modelling test for practices and performance.
Managing knowledge transfer as a strategic approach to competitive advantage.
Technology roadmapping: linking technology resources into business planning.
Searching for radical new product ideas: exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis for construct validation.
Key research issues in user interaction with user toolkits in a mass customisation system.
Closing the gap: How should Chinese companies build the capabilities to implement ERP-driven process innovation?
Instant messaging adoption in China: implications for young entrepreneurs.
The evolution of China's IPR system and its impact on the patenting behaviours and strategies of multinationals in China.
Outsourced innovation in SMES: a field study of R&amp;D units in Spain.
Event-driven careers for R&amp;D professionals?
R&amp;D networks: an evaluation framework.
Industrial structure and innovation: comparison of innovative performance between South Korea and Taiwan using patent data derived from NBER.
Knowledge representation issues in ontology-based clinical Knowledge Management systems.
Knowledge management at a branchpoint: will we ignore the lessons of the AI discipline the way it ignored the lessons of Ludwig Wittgenstein?
Are we transiting from an industrial policy to a technology policy era?: a theoretical and empirical analysis.
Functions and responsibilities of marketing auditors in measuring organisational performance.
Quantitative evaluation of the organisation of manufacturing and technological processes.
Networks and the role of service brokers.
Environmetrics as a tool for sustainability assessment.
The future of science and technology in Southeast Asia.
Theory and practice of continuous improvement in shop-floor teams.
The role of national and regional innovation programmes in stimulating international cooperation in innovation.
A framework for investigating the impact of IT capability and organisational capability on firm performance in the late industrialising context.
Competitive analysis of the software industry in China.
International technology transfer: a complement to economic restructuring?
Technological innovation as responding to business challenges - case study and theorisation.
Adaptive strategies in the Indian pharmaceutical industry.
Integrated framework for a holistic approach to technology management.
Aligning manufacturing capabilities with business strategy: an empirical study in high-tech industry.
Security model applied to electronic records management: experiences and results in the nuclear sector.
Reconfiguration or innovation in supply chains?
A relational model of medical knowledge sharing and medical decision-making quality.
Innovative quality process control via cellular neural networks.
Study on the measurement of international knowledge flow based on the patent citation network.
Technology centres in Germany: economic justification, effectiveness and impact on high-tech regions.
Leadership style and action routines: best practice manufacturing and R&amp;D projects.
Reconceptualising quality models to achieve innovation objectives.
Commercialisation of technology innovations: an empirical study on the influence of clusters and innovation networks.
Factors affecting the implementation of process based change.
Balancing flexibility and control: international technology and market development in Australian biotechnology firms.
The sticks and carrots of integrating users into product development.
Achieving knowledge management integration through EAI: a case study from healthcare sector.
Success factors for upgrading and innovation in the electronics industry: an analysis of private small and medium-sized enterprises in the Pearl River Delta.
The application of lean principles and its effects in technology development.
Open models for innovation: an accounting-based perspective.
An empirical examination of the relationship between design, the NPI process and strategy implementation.
EDI performance in the automotive supply chain.
Predicting citations to biotechnology patents based on the information from the patent documents.
Electronic communication and knowledge transfer.
The growth patterns of Canadian high-tech firms.
The significance of European small country regions in the geographical division of labour of European Information and Communications Technology (ICT) corporations.
Value chain restructuring and R&amp;D portfolio management: the effects of system-on-chip integration on the semiconductor and electronics industries.
The relationship between sustainable business management and competitiveness: research trends and challenge.
Clustering, long distance partnerships and the SME: a study of the French biotechnology sector.
Technology management - a complex adaptive systems approach.
Business and network models for innovation: strategic logic and the role of network position.
A French revolution: technology management in the aerospace industry. The case of Toulouse.
From agglomerations to technology- and knowledge-driven clusters: aeronautics cluster policies in Europe.
Optimal feedbacks in techno-economic dynamics.
Managerial challenges of publicly funded principal investigators.
Do human capital and fund characteristics drive follow-up behaviour of early stage high-tech VCs?
The extraction of manufacturing capability: a case of sophisticated transferee.
An assessment of science and technology policies in the Philippines.
The role of proximity dimensions in the development of innovations in coopetition: a longitudinal case study.
Open innovation and firms performance: state of the art and empirical evidences from the bio-pharmaceutical industry.
Patent overlay maps: Spain and the Basque Country.
Governance models of coopetition and innovation: the case of Spanish firms.
Cognitive misfit and firm growth in technology-oriented SMEs.
Human resources management in large information-based services companies: towards a common framework?
An empirical study on ERP-driven innovation in Taiwan.
The use of knowledge in inter-organisational knowledge-networks: an empirical investigation.
Anticipating and avoiding opposition in large technological projects.
Technology transfer and implementation processes in developing countries.
The role of leader personality in new product development success: an examination of teams developing radical and incremental innovations.
Systems, components and modular design: the case of the US semiconductor industry.
A methodology for the identification of prospective collaboration networks in international R&amp;D programmes.
Universities and scientific research in the Maghreb states: power politics and innovation systems.
Compensation preferences of R&amp;D-suppliers: some empirical results.
The impact of ICT sourcing on ICT organisation, competences and continuous innovation.
The governance of international technology transfer: evidence from case-based analyses.
Broadening the scope of open innovation: past research, current state and future directions.
International collaborative patterns in China's nanotechnology publications.
Tacit and explicit knowledge: empirical investigation in an emergency regime.
Intrafirm technology and knowledge transfer: a best practice perspective.
Why are bloggers willing to share their thoughts via travel blogs?
Knowledge diffusion from MNC R&amp;D labs in developing countries: evidence from interaction between MNC R&amp;D labs and local universities in Beijing.
Technological innovations in hospitals: what kind of competitive advantage does adoption lead to?
Roles, models and development trends of hi-tech industrial development zones in China.
A dynamic innovation model for managing capabilities of continuous innovation.
The availability, strength and efficiency of appropriability mechanisms - protecting investments in knowledge creation.
Open for business: emerging business models in open source software.
From ICT outsourcing to strategic sourcing: managing customer-supplier relations for continuous innovation capabilities.
Management by the cognitive range: a perspective on knowledge management.
The World Wide Web: an effective vehicle for global procurement documentation dissemination.
Impact of organisation and management on complex technological systems safety: the nuclear lessons.
An emerging approach for strategy evaluation in fuel cell development.
How can small firms benefit from open innovation? The case of new drug development in Taiwan.
Critical success factors in technology management.
Innovation management: different approaches to cope with the same trends.
Selection strategies for discontinuous innovation.
Radical strategic and structural change: occurrence, antecedents and consequences.
Corporate social responsibility and SME's competitiveness.
Factors influencing technological entrepreneurship in Chinese firms: evidence from Guangdong.
Indicators to support innovation cluster policy.
A framework for supporting the management of technological knowledge.
The influence of the environment and enterprise reform on commitment to technology development in China: an empirical analysis.
Markets for technology and firms' strategies: the case of the semiconductor industry.
Proximities, knowledge and skills and the future of the Welsh aerospace industry.
Foresight in Germany: the example of the Delphi '98 or: how can the future be shaped?
Transitions and strategic niche management: towards a competence kit for practitioners.
VAIC&#8482; - an accounting tool for IC management.
An exit for the IT industry?: Market saturation and the convergence of ubiquitous technology for manufacturing and service sectors.
G.W. Leibniz and scientific societies.
Implementing lean in surgery - lessons and implications.
Technological learning and firm-level technological capability building: analytical framework and evidence from Chinese manufacturing firms.
Exploring the incorporation of users in an innovating business unit.
Managing intellectual property in R&amp;D alliances.
A survey of Chinese literature on the management of technology and innovation, 1987-1997.
Exploration and exploitation: the interplay between knowledge and continuous innovation.
Development of the public sector in the Korean innovation system.
Leveraging organisation data through EII, ETL and data replication: methodologies and implementation.
The use of fuzzy logic and expert judgment in the R&amp;D project portfolio selection process.
A case study on the initial enquiry stage in a framework for improved planning of rural telecommunications infrastructure in developing countries.
Innovation activities, sources of innovation and R&amp;D cooperation: evidence from firms in Hong Kong and Guangdong Province, China.
Socially shaping supply chain integration through learning.
The use of foresight: institutional constraints and conditions.
Relevance and innovation of production-related services in manufacturing industry.
Extending simultaneous engineering: electric vehicle supply chains and new product development.
IS practitioners' views on core factors of effective IT governance for Taiwan SMEs.
Scenario-driven modular design in managing market uncertainty.
Effective reactions against disruptive innovations - the case of Japan's electronics industry.
Improving university-industry partnership - the Brazilian experience through the scientific and technological development support program (PADCT III).
Using information technology productively: practices and factors that enhance the success of IT.
Incubators and business ventures in Korea: implications for manpower policy.
Regional knowledge dynamics in the biotechnology industry: a conceptual framework for micro-level analysis.
Continuously innovating the study of continuous innovation: from actionable knowledge to universal theory in continuous innovation research.
Searching for complementary technological knowledge and downstream competences: clustering and cooperation.
Outdoor science centres.
Alliance and technology networks: an empirical study on technology learning.
Is it all about size? Comparing organisational and environmental antecedents of IT assimilation in small and medium-sized enterprises.
Intangible asset deployment in technology-rich companies: how does innovation affect return on assets?
Renewal strategies in the IPM Group: the role of the new research centre.
Ecodesign in South African firms - how feasible?
Virtual reality and innovation networks: opportunity exploitation in dynamic SMEs.
The technological innovation performance of Chinese firms: the role of industrial and academic R&amp;D, FDI and the markets in firm patenting.
An empirical test of a use-diffusion model for Taiwan mobile digital TV.
Strategic management of a transformation in a multi-program technology program involving convergence and divergence of programs: observations from NASA.
A general framework for new product development projects.
Technology transfer offices as a nexus within the triple helix: the progression of the university's role.
Antitrust policy for the licensing of intellectual property: an international comparison.
Technological management: a tentative research agenda.
Sectoral determinants of performance in collaborative R&amp;D projects.
Intellectual capital, dynamic capabilities and innovative performance of organisations.
Future skill requirements for UK engineers and technologists: a review of the current position.
Integrating virtual 3-D display systems into product design reviews: some insights from empirical testing.
Industry as the knowledge base: the way Asians integrate knowledge from academic, industrial, and public sectors.
The structure and evolution of knowledge clusters: a system perspective.
Collaboration, creativity and rewards: why and how scientists collaborate.
Intellectual property rights, foreign direct investment and competition issues in developing countries.
An innovative integrated framework towards effective collaboration environments in construction.
Development and validation of a survey instrument for measuring organisational renewal capability.
Longitudinal knowledge strategising in a long-term healthcare organisation.
Fostering knowledge sharing through human resource management in R&amp;D teams.
Local system of innovation under strain: the impacts of structural change in the telecommunications cluster of Campinas, Brazil.
Science and technology centres - rich resources for free-choice learning in a knowledge-based society.
The growth of Quebec's biotechnology firms and the implications of underinvestment in strategic competencies.
Appropriability of product innovations: an empirical analysis for Germany.
Competition, cooperation and learning: the new dynamics of strategy and organisation design for the innovation net.
A horizontal approach to implementing corporate social responsibility in international supply chains.
Foresight - refining the process.
An analysis of a model for the diffusion of engineering innovations under multi-firm competition.
Transition, privatisation and economics as a management technology.
Evolution of regional scientific collaboration networks: China-Europe emerging collaborations on nano-science.
Market performance and technological knowledge transfer of foreign subsidiaries' network embeddedness in Taiwan's electrical and electronic industry.
R&amp;D investment and entrepreneurial technological capabilities: existing capabilities as determinants of new capabilities.
The role of customer and user knowledge in internal corporate venturing: the viewpoint of the corporate entrepreneur.
External knowledge acquisition, creativity and learning in organisational problem solving.
Embedded flexible collaboration and development of local capabilities: a case study of the Indonesian electronics industry.
Measuring dynamic technical change: a technometric approach.
Developing innovation-oriented strategies: lessons from Chinese mobile phone firms.
Antecedents of innovation and growth: analysing the impact of entrepreneurial orientation and goal-oriented management.
Firm size and its impact on continuous improvement.
Competition and cooperation: what roles in scientific dynamics?
Effects of technology cycles on strategic alliances.
Building open access in Africa.
Managing ideas for the development of new products.
Impact of manager's social power on R&amp;D employees' knowledge-sharing behaviour.
The entrenchment of controversial technology: a framework for monitoring and mapping strategic alignments.
Role of scientific academies and scientific societies in promoting science and technology: experiences from Singapore.
Recovering from science: how far can we push?
Learning in networks: an exploration from innovation perspective.
The relationship between mission and innovativeness in the airline industry: an exploratory investigation.
Benchmarking best practice in SMEs for growth.
Networks of innovation and modularity: a dynamic perspective.
When technology innovation is not enough, new competitive paradigms, revisiting the Spanish ceramic tile sector.
Applications of chaos and complexity theories to the technology adoption life cycle: case studies in the hard-drive, microprocessor, and server high-tech industries.
Investigating effects of security incident awareness on information risk perception.
Understanding shared knowledge creation spaces around business processes: precursors to process innovation implementation.
Motivations of academics to interact with industry: the case of nanoscience.
Applying options to evaluate service innovations in the automotive industry.
Third-level education, foreign direct investment and economic boom in Ireland.
New business model creation through the triple helix of young entrepreneurs, SNSs, and smart devices.
Why are the industrial firms of emerging economies short-termistic in innovation? Industry-level evidence from Chinese manufacturing.
The relativity of HR systems: conceptualising the impact of desired employee contributions and HR philosophy.
Incentives in technology foresight.
Demand-orientated policy on leading-edge industry and technology: public procurement for innovation.
The international dimension to industry-academic links.
An evaluation and enhancement approach of the carbon footprints-based environmentally sustainable service competitiveness for coffee shops.
Strategic business transformation through technology convergence: implications from General Electric's industrial internet initiative.
Technopolis: science parks in Japan.
The relationship between implementation variables and performance improvement of ERP systems.
Is playfulness a benefit to work? Empirical evidence of professionals in Taiwan.
A study on technological trajectory of light emitting diode in Taiwan by using patent data.
The synergisitic impact of time-based technologies on manufacturing competitive priorities.
Product/process culture and change management in complex organisations.
Academic versus corporate new technology-based firms in Swedish science parks: an analysis of performance, business networks and financing.
Technology management: a knowledge ecology perspective.
From consortium to e-science: an evolutionary track of organising technology development.
Returnee CEO and innovation in Chinese high-tech SMEs.
Foresight for European coordination: developing national priorities for the Forest-Based Sector Technology Platform.
Image-focused social media for a market analysis of tourism consumption.
A generic value tree for high-technology enterprises.
Networks and innovation in European construction: benefits from inter-organisational cooperation in a fragmented industry.
Knowledge Representation issues in structural engineering: a framework for application in the case of structures in healthcare.
The making of science and technology policy in China.
Global governance of technology: meeting the needs of developing countries.
E-commerce and the environment: a gateway to the renewal of greening supply chains.
Scientific academies and scientific societies as agents for promoting science culture in developing countries.
International joint venture of two giants in the CRT industry: strategy analysis using system dynamics.
Developing an organisation culture to facilitate radical innovation.
Still digging, still planting: the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences - knowledge yesterday, knowledge today and knowledge for tomorrow.
Venture capitalists' selection process: the case of biotechnology proposals.
Data, meaning and practice: how the knowledge-based view can clarify technology's relationship with organisations.
A comparison of recent assessments of the high-tech competitiveness of nations.
Open innovation and systems integration: how and why firms know more than they make.
Technology foresight - more than fashion?
E-commerce and management of channel conflict: evidence from small manufacturing firms in the UK.
Object-oriented design and implementation of a web-enabled beer game for illustrating the bullwhip effect in supply chains.
Knowledge sharing in inter-organisational intelligence: R&amp;D-based venture alliance community cases in Japan.
Managing customer oriented research.
The meaning of technological innovation in business-to-business marketing.
What drives innovation? Inferences from an industry-wide survey in Nigeria.
Continuous improvement in manufacturing companies in Jordan.
Reorganisation and restructuring methods in R&amp;D.
Responses of successful local firms to changing foreign partnership characteristics: a model of dynamic technology management strategies.
Emergence of the supply network in Finnish industry: experiment in theoretical reconstruction.
Belief networks for engineering applications.
The appropriation of the results of innovative activity.
Innovation management and intellectual property in knowledge-oriented economies.
How Chinese firms employ open innovation to strengthen their innovative performance.
Accelerating innovation through knowledge co-evolution: a case study in the Taiwan semiconductor industry.
Achieving sustainability through environmental innovation: the role of SMEs.
On the ubiquitous inadequacy of co-variation design in strategy research.
A support system for multiple perspectives knowledge management and conflict resolution.
A study on the impact of Organisational Learning to the effectiveness of Electronic Document Management Systems.
Orchestrating industrial development.
Evaluating a large-scale research and development program in Japan: methods, findings and insights.
A virtual enterprise based information system architecture for the tourism industry.
What makes a successful outreach program? An outline of the Shell Questacon Science Circus.
Profiting from external knowledge: the impact of different external knowledge acquisition strategies on innovation performance.
Attributes required for profiting from open innovation in networks.
Determinants of acquisition value: the role of target and acquirer characteristics.
How to regain funds from technology promotion programs. Results from an evaluation of the financial instruments used in public R&amp;D funding of incumbent SME.
Performance measurement and continuous improvement: are they linked to manufacturing strategy?
The role of directors' and officers' insurance in corporate governance: evidence from the high-tech industry in Taiwan.
Semantic Web and Knowledge Management for the health domain: state of the art and challenges for the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) of the European Union (2007-2013).
Managing, measuring and reporting knowledge-based resources in hospitals.
Managing clinical knowledge among hospital nurses.
Operations management in transitional countries.
Scientific academies and scientific societies have come of age.
Regional knowledge networks as evolving social technologies.
Eco-innovation and competitiveness in industrial clusters.
Networking for technology acquisition and transfer.
Contingencies in collaborative innovation: matching organisational learning with strategic orientation and environmental munificence.
New challenges for innovation systems: a cross-country comparison.
Transaction costs and organisational learning in strategic outsourcing relationships.
Innovation and location in the multinational firm.
Application of Integrated Quality Management Systems to promote CI and learning in R&amp;D organisations.
A TRIZ-based approach to manage innovation and intellectual property.
Industry evolution and competence development: the imperatives of technological convergence.
Large-scale open innovation: open source vs. patent pools.
International transactions in intellectual property and developing countries.
Corporate management of intellectual property in Japan.
Corporate memory management: a knowledge management process model.
Impacts of international mergers and acquisitions on the logistics operations of manufacturing companies.
Appropriability: a key to opening innovation internationally?
Science centres as learning laboratories: experiences of Heureka, the Finnish Science Centre.
Mechanistic-statistical concurrent modelling techniques.
Towards an integrated description of product, process and supply chain.
REVA Electric car: a case study of innovation at RECC.
Market analysis of mathematics-based software in an expert-founded venture.
Innovation catch-up enabled by the window of opportunity in high-velocity markets and the intrinsic capabilities of an enterprise: the case of HTC.
Dispersion of continuous improvement and its impact on continuous improvement.
Innovative product design for students-enterprises linked projects.
Firm performance, knowledge transfer and international joint ventures.
Knowledge management in continuous product innovation: a contingent approach.
Strategic change for the banking industry under financial deregulation: implications from Taiwan evidence.
Simulation models of organisational systems.
Determining product differentiation strategies under uncertain environment.
Open and closed innovation - different innovation cultures for different strategies.
Open innovation 2.0: is co-creation the ultimate challenge?
Assessing the firm's strategic knowledge portfolio: a framework and methodology.
The transparent knowledge worker: weblogs and reputation mechanisms in KM systems.
Instability of the technology strategy and building of the first strategic capabilities in a large Mexican firm.
The role of information technology and systems in reverse logistics: a case study.
A conceptual framework to evaluate performance of non-profit social service organisations.
Control under scarcity of the growth of wealth of nations: with examples from Austria and the USA.
Transforming Australian manufacturing enterprises for global competitiveness.
Examining governance-innovation relationship in the high-tech industries: monitoring, incentive and a fit with strategic posture.
Collaboration and integration through information technologies in supply chains.
Dynamic marketing capabilities and radical innovation commercialisation.
Organisational learning via groupware: a path to discovery or disaster?
The economics and management of technology trade: towards a pro-licensing era?
Production and payment policies for an imperfect manufacturing system with machine maintenance and credit policies.
Exploiting supplier innovativeness through knowledge integration.
Finding the 'boundary mediators': network analysis of the joint R&amp;D project between Toyota and Panasonic.
Exploiting complementary competencies via inter-firm cooperation.
Foreign acquisitions and R&amp;D leverage in High Tech industries of peripheral economies. Lessons and policy issues from the Israeli experiences.
The effects of integrating innovative resources on organisational performance: the moderating role of innovation life cycle.
The commercialisation environment of advanced materials ventures.
Science centre on a screen.
Investment and capitalisation of firms in the USA.
R&amp;D cooperative agreements between firms and research organisations: a comparative analysis of the characteristics and reasons depending on the nature of the partner.
Managing technologies within an industrial cluster: a case from a toolmakers cluster of Slovenia.
Quantitative evaluation of building technology.
Strategic transformation through innovation in emerging industry: a case study.
Development strategies and prospects for Taiwan's R&amp;D service industry.
Framing the role of design in transformation of consumption practices: beyond the designer-product-user triad.
Emerging digital technology as a window of opportunity and technological leapfrogging: catch-up in digital TV by the Korean firms.
The TRIPS Agreement: benefits and costs for developing countries.
The human development report 2001 and information technology for developing countries: an evaluation.
Determinants of service innovative dimensions in Knowledge Intensive Business Services: evidence from PR China.
R&amp;D management under short term pressures: a comparative study of the UK and Japan.
Strategic tactical and operational production-distribution models: a review.
Benchmarking of quality and maturity of innovation activities in a networked environment.
On the decline of scientific societies.
Analysis of efficiency of lean production implemented in multi-national optic enterprises.
The process of technological innovations in small enterprises: the Indian way.
The impact of financial constraints on firm R&amp;D investments: empirical evidence from China.
A holistic knowledge sharing framework in high-tech firms: game and co-opetition perspectives.
Necessity of logistics in the economic development of Poland.
Networking and innovation: lessons from the aeronautical clusters of Madrid.
Fostering innovation and knowledge transfer in product development through information technology.
Motives for international cooperation on R&amp;D and innovation: empirical evidence from Argentinean and Spanish firms.
Applicability of the capability maturity model for engineer-to-order firms.
Fostering and sustaining entrepreneurial regions.
The dynamics of cognitive oversimplification processes in R&amp;D environments: an empirical assessment of some consequences.
Negotiated agendas: families in science and technology museums.
How persistent is industry specialisation over time in industrialised countries?
Broadband: a municipal information platform: Swedish experience.
Implementation of business process innovations: an agenda for research and action.
Key factors in small group improvement work: an empirical study at SKF.
Catch-up strategy of an emerging firm in an emerging country: analysing the case of Huawei vs. Ericsson with patent data.
Stochastic diffusion models for substitutable technological innovations.
Creating value through social processes: an exploration of knowledge dynamics in expert communities of practice.
Examining the role of human resource management in continuous improvement.
An option model for R&amp;D valuation.
Overcoming barriers to participation during requirements elicitation.
Intellectual Property in collaborative projects: navigating the maze.
Factors influencing the implementation of environmental management system at Amica-Wronki SA.
Managing healthcare technology in quality management framework.
Scientific and technical human capital: an alternative model for research evaluation.
International comparison of R&amp;D investment by European, US and Japanese companies.
Innovation networks in a complex product system project: the case of the ISDN project in Indonesia.
Strategic technological innovation for sustainable development.
Antecedents and consequences of the sociocultural differences between R&amp;D and marketing in Korean high-tech firms.
The advantages of clustering: the case of Spanish electronics subcontractors.
Cooperative R&amp;D as a means for knowledge creation. Experience from European publicly funded partnerships.
Towards the post-Fordist economy: emerging organisational models.
Complex standards and innovation in the digital economy: the Internet Protocol.
Changing production paradigm and the transformation of knowledge existing form.
Supply project planning in a networked environment.
Making innovative use of academic knowledge to enhance corporate technology innovation impact.
Learning virtual teams: how to design a set of Web 2.0 tools?
Communicating the public understanding of science: the Royal Society website.
Know-how transfer on creating and developing QS-9000 Quality System in American-Polish joint venture company on the example of WIX Filtration Products, Division of Dana Corporation and WIX-Filtron Ltd.
Application of total quality management techniques to safety analysis in software product development.
Customer integration strategies for innovation projects: anticipation and brokering.
Inter-firm knowledge management practices for technology and new product development in discontinuous innovation.
An organisational approach to coping with the paradox between individual career and collective research in Japan.
Linking information engineering and security engineering with a problem solving perspective.
How to implement secondary product innovations for the domestic market: a case from Haier washing machines.
The complementary effect of internal learning capacity and absorptive capacity on performance: the mediating role of innovation capacity.
The transformation of a traditional salt company into a biotech business through innovations and reforms: a case study of Taiyen.
Cartel-fringe models of the oil market: a quantitative assessment.
Change from a combinate structure to a streamlined company in an emerging market by means of spin-off of peripheral functions in ex-state owned companies.
Bridging islands of knowledge: a framework of knowledge sharing mechanisms.
Technology spillovers and economic vitality: an analysis of institutional flexibility in Japan with comparisons to the USA.
A new revolutionary paradigm of software development for mainstream business operations.
A methodology for the development of innovation clusters: application in the healthcare sector.
Continuous innovation through lean thinking in healthcare: the role of dynamic actor associations.
Collaboration partner portfolio along the growth of Chinese firms' innovation capability: configuration, evolution and pattern.
Transformation of an entrepreneurial firm to a global service provider: the case study of Infosys.
Establishing a CoPs-based innovation ecosystem to enhance competence - the case of CGN in China.
Globalisation, property rights and knowledge networks.
Industry technology performance of manufacturing FDI: micro-level evidence from joint ventures in China.
Factors affecting product innovation performance according to dynamics of environment: evidence from Korean high-tech enterprises in manufacturing sector.
A proposed management model for the development of strategic information systems.
Technology management routines that matter to technology managers.
Enabling interoperability of STEP Application Protocols at meta-data and knowledge level.
An evolutionary perspective on convergence: inducing a stage model of inter-industry innovation.
Social economy-based local initiatives and social innovation: a Montreal case study.
On the path of enterprise science? An approach to establishing the correspondence of theory and reality in technology-intensive companies.
China's catch-up and innovation model in IT industry.
IPVM: IT support of concurrent product development teams.
A new measurement of intellectual capital and its impact on innovation performance in an open innovation paradigm.
Global licensing strategies and technology pricing.
The Taiwanese system of innovation in the information industry.
Driving forces and organisational configurations of international R&amp;D: the case of technology-intensive Chinese multinationals.
Brokering knowledge in networks: institutional intermediaries in the Taiwanese biopharmaceutical innovation system.
An integration framework of innovation assessment for the knowledge-intensive service industry.
Evaluation model for e-tourism product: a hidden Markov model-based algorithm.
Coping with the multiple dimensions of R&amp;D performance analysis.
The influence of knowledge management on continuous innovation.
Local organisations and institutions. How can geographical proximity be activated by collective projects?
Diversity of entrepreneurs and diversity of clusters in nanotechnologies.
Sources of information for organisational innovation: a sector comparative approach.
Telecommuting: its structure, options and business implications.
Challenges in managing the convergence of information and product design technology in a small company.
Transition strategies for managing technological discontinuities: lessons from the history of the semiconductor industry.
The impact of innovation management implementation on enterprise competitiveness among Taiwan's high-tech manufacturers.
Local knowledge and the strategy of constructing advantage: the role of community alliances.
Ethical issues for internet use policy: balancing employer and employee perspectives.
Japanese automakers' approach to electric and hybrid electric vehicles: from incremental to radical innovation.
Some insights to reinvent industrial strategy in developing countries.
Infomemes and infonomes: in search of knowledge DNA.
Managing intellectual property in inter-firm R&amp;D collaborations in knowledge-intensive industries.
Fair Business as a corporate responsibility and competitiveness factor? Fashion design company Globe Hope as an example.
Collaboration for continuous innovation: routines for knowledge integration in healthcare.
Developing multi-functional teams in public service - from prescribed helplessness to perceived self-esteem.
Inter-country technological linkages in European Framework Programmes: a spur to European integration?
Evolution of the high-end computing market in the USA.
Customer interaction in service innovation: seldom intensive but often decisive. Case studies in three business service sectors.
Case study of knowledge creation contributed by ISO 9001: 2000.
Developing innovation strategies for convergence - is 'open innovation' imperative?
Complexity metrics for ontology based information.
Supplier development and supply chain management in small and medium size enterprises.
The process of business start-ups in the internet: a multiple case study.
Evolving relations between the pharmaceutical industry and public sector research.
Technology marketing: a new core competence of technology-intensive enterprises.
Steps towards a consumer-driven innovation machine for 'ordinary' product categories in their later lifecycle stages.
From continuous improvement to continuous innovation: a (retro)(per)spective.
Identification of a technological chance in product-service system using KeyGraph and text mining on business method patents.
Knowledge related activities in open innovation: managers' characteristics and practices.
Participatory development of a strategic product portfolio in a telecommunication company.
Open innovation and patterns of R&amp;D competition.
Effects of integrating patents and standards on intellectual property management and corporate innovativeness in Japanese electric machine corporations.
Knowledge management practices and innovation propensity: a firm-level analysis for Luxembourg.
Community of self-organisation: supply chain perspective of Finnish electronic music.
Costly R&amp;D and intellectual property rights protection.
Product platform life cycles: a multiple case study.
Software outsourcing and development policy implications: an Indian perspective.
The heterogeneity of services and the differential effects on business and territorial innovation.
The responsive-integrative framework, outside-in and inside-out mechanisms and ambidextrous innovations.
Trust, involvement profile and customer retention - modelling, effects and implications.
Adding value to a company's selling activity through knowledge management: a case study.
Core rigidities in the innovation process: a structured benchmark on knowledge management challenges.
Managing new product development in the Chinese steel industry: an empirical investigation.
The 'perfect technology syndrome': sources, consequences and solutions.
Exploring the relationships between IT capabilities and information security management.
Using the fuzzy analytic network process for selecting technology R&amp;D projects.
The Shell way to innovate.
Extreme customer innovation in the front-end: learning from a new software paradigm.
Managing personal medical knowledge: agent-based knowledge acquisition.
Spatial overlap of regional innovation capability and high-tech industry.
Biodiesel in Brazil: science, technology and innovation indicators.
Innovation generation and appropriation: the dual roles of political ties in Chinese firms' new product development.
Value creation and appropriation in social media - the case of fashion bloggers in Sweden.
Linkages, agglomerations and knowledge spillovers in the Irish electronics industry: the regional dimension.
Systems engineering education for public policy.
The co-evolution of technology and institution in the Korean information and communications industry.
The role of communication and coordination between 'network lead companies' and their strategic partners in determining NPD project performance.
A conceptual framework for evaluation of information technology investments.
Technology strategy revealed: patterns and influences of patent-licensing behaviour in Japanese firms.
Thinking along: a process for tapping into knowledge across boundaries.
Evaluation of research and innovation policies: a discussion of trends with examples from Germany.
How to benefit from open innovation? An empirical investigation of open innovation, external partnerships and firm capabilities in the automotive industry.
Synthesising the paradox of organisational routine flexibility and stability: a processual view.
Wireless charging of mobile phones: PowerKiss and Powermat (2007-2014).
Assessing government-supported technology-based business incubators: evidence from China.
Externality evaluation: an empirical study of ITRI.
Information and Communication Technologies (ICTs) and development information for professional women in Zambia.
Macrostructures, careers and knowledge production: a neoinstitutionalist approach.
Analysis on patent collaborative patterns for emerging technologies: a case study of nano-enabled drug delivery.
Agile manufacturing and technology transfer to industrialising countries.
Research on marketing in emerging firms: key issues and open questions.
Critical success factors for inter-firm technological cooperation: an empirical study of high-tech SMEs in China.
Competitive advantage of IT and effects on strategy and structure: knowledge-intensive vs manufacturing industries.
R&amp;D and industrial districts in Asia: an application to Taiwan.
Measuring the change in knowledge sharing efficiency of virtual communities of practice: a case study.
User knowledge in innovation in high technologies: an empirical analysis of semiconductors.
Comparative study of product innovation systems.
The One-Chip TV way.
Managing large-scale science and technology projects at the edge of knowledge: the Manhattan Project as a learning organisation.
Allocating resources to disruptive innovation projects: challenging mental models and overcoming management resistance.
A study of the use and effects of quality improvement tools.
The evolution of technology management practice in developing economies: findings from Northern China.
Performance implications of organisational structure and knowledge sharing in multinational R&amp;D networks.
A dyadic perspective on knowledge exchange.
E-provider evaluation: an exploratory study.
Combining organisational and physical location to manage knowledge dissemination.
Reverse logistics for waste reduction in cradle-to-cradle-oriented firms: waste management strategies in the Dutch metal industry.
Identifying the variables associated with types of innovation, radical or incremental: strategic flexibility, organisation and context.
Networking for regional innovation and economic growth: the Brazilian Petropolis technopole.
Intellectual property management practices at small and medium-sized enterprises.
Development needs and means of product innovation management in Finnish manufacturing companies.
Maintenance of persistent creativity and innovation in university laboratories.
A toolbox of elements to build Technology Intelligence systems.
Proximity, knowledge transfer, and innovation in technology-based mergers and acquisitions.
Modes and mechanisms of control in Multi-Project Organisations: the R&amp;D case.
Citizens, engineers and air toxics: citizen participation in technology based standard setting.
Radical innovation, market orientation, and risk-taking in Chinese new ventures: an exploratory study.
Customers' perspectives of involvement in new product development.
Energy systems in transition: perspectives for the diffusion of small-scale wood pellet heating technology.
Linking business ecosystem lifecycle with platform strategy: a triple view of technology, application and organisation.
Effective team processes for technology internalisation with special emphasis on knowledge management: successful late starter, Samsung case.
Organisational learning dynamics in the software publishing industry.
Entrepreneurial orientation, strategic flexibilities and indigenous firm innovation in transitional China.
Cost-system choice in a multidimensional knowledge space: traditional versus activity-based costing.
Developing an organisational capability: dimensions, situations and managerial challenges.
Reforming venture capital in India: creating the enabling environment for information technology.
How German measurement and control firms integrate market and technological knowledge into the front end of new product development.
Implicit patent alliance acquiring the appropriability of innovation.
Impact of social capital and business operation mode on intellectual capital and knowledge management.
The contingency value of knowledge in new product creativity.
Drug effectiveness reporting and monitoring systems: discussion and prototype development.
How benchmarking can lever cluster competitiveness.
Exploring the role of technology evaluation in the competitiveness of US electronics manufacturing companies.
The role of marketing and innovation management in the Finnish electrical and electronics industry.
How national science academies in developed countries can assist development in sub-Saharan Africa.
The influences of leadership style and market orientation on export performance: an empirical study of small and medium enterprises in Taiwan.
How to profit from de facto standard-based competition: learning from Japanese firms' experiences.
Towards improved information disclosure on intellectual capital.
Promoting network-based organisational innovations: a new approach in Finnish labour and technology policies.
Knowledge management as an enabler of change and innovation in Africa.
Knowledge production of firms: research networks and the "scientification" of business R&amp;D.
ICBS: Intellectual Capital Benchmarking Systems.
Information and communication technologies and the production, distribution and use of knowledge.
Unique marketing challenges at the frontiers of technology: an integrated perspective.
Value creation and capture mechanisms in innovation ecosystems: a comparative case study.
The diffusion of CSR initiatives among SMEs in industrial clusters: some findings from Italian experiences.
Technological innovations in Indian small enterprises: dimensions, intensity and implications.
Sustainable development and the arts.
Factors affecting foreign R&amp;D location decisions: management and host policy implications.
The role of government in privatisation: an economic model from Denmark.
Dual organisational capabilities: from theory to practice - the next challenge for continuous innovation.
Multinational technology and intellectual property management - is there global convergence and/or specialisation?
Managing creativity: is it possible to control the birth of innovation in product design?
The idea and project database of WELLA AG.
A fractal perspective on competencies necessary for managing information systems.
Applying fuzzy analytic hierarchy process in the managerial talent assessment model - an empirical study in Taiwan's semiconductor industry.
Regional intelligence: distributed localised information systems for innovation and development.
'Mode 3' and 'Quadruple Helix': toward a 21st century fractal innovation ecosystem.
Manpower shortage crisis in Indian information technology industry.
Social shopping communities as an emerging business model of youth entrepreneurship: exploring the effects of website characteristics.
Comparative studies of control charts for torque data in automotive component assembling.
Impact of use of information technology on lean production adoption: evidence from the automotive industry.
Knowledge transfer of government research institute: the case of ETRI in Korea.
Open innovation in process industries: a lifecycle perspective on development of process equipment.
Network effects, standardisation and competitive strategy: how companies influence the emergence of dominant designs.
Knowledge-intensive service activities in software business.
KMsharer: an information technology approach to enable knowledge management services.
Learning processes features: how do they influence inter-firm differences in technological capability-accumulation paths and operational performance improvement? [1].
Resources, absorptive capacity, and technology sourcing.
The stickiness of university spin-offs: a study of formal and informal spin-offs and their location from 124 US academic institutions.
Technocratic policy partnerships: a new descriptor for public administration?
Networks and nations: the interplay of transnational networks and domestic institutions in China's chip design industry.
Social media platforms and technology education: Facebook on the way to graduate school.
Do venture capitalists really invest in good industries? Risk-return perceptions and path dependence in the emerging European energy VC market.
BrainSpace: a virtual environment for collaboration and innovation.
DSM and innovation: a case study.
Technology transfer to hotels in China by multinational hotel enterprises in Hong Kong.
Risks in major innovation projects, a multiple case study within a world's leading company in the fast moving consumer goods.
The role of knowledge and organisation in the competitiveness of Japanese high-tech industry.
The dynamics of venture capital industry.
Action research in collaborative improvement.
Managing change.
Valuation of start-up internet companies.
East-West ventures in Belarus.
Corporate governance, relational banking and R&amp;D: evidence from Japanese large firms in the 1980s and 1990s.
Extending the DART model for social media.
The legal framework for technology development and technology import in China.
Implementing change: lessons from five development projects.
Understanding social innovation: a provisional framework.
A measurement scale for knowledge management in the biotechnology and telecommunications industries.
Organisation innovation and entrepreneurship: the role of the national laboratories in promoting industrial development.
An integrated portfolio approach to support market-oriented R&amp;D planning.
Production network positions, innovation orientation and environmental dynamics: an empirical analysis of Chinese firms.
From a learned society to a 21st-century science broker: the Swiss Academy of Sciences as a partner in the dialogue with society.
In search of learning organisations: case experiences from Hong Kong.
Internal technology valuation: real world issues.
Innovative development and innovation capacity-building in China.
The moderating role of social networks within the radical innovation process: a multidimensionality of human capital-based analysis.
Innovation management of Japanese pharmaceutical companies: the case of an antibiotic developed by Takeda.
The fast eat the slow - the impact of strategy and innovation timing on the success of technology-oriented ventures.
The acceptance of "self-service" technology in the Egyptian telecom industry.
Intellectual property awareness.
Models for allocating public venture capital to innovation projects: lessons from a French public agency.
Understanding technology foresight: the relevance of its S&amp;T policy context [1].
Differences in science based innovation by technology life cycles: the case of solar cell technology.
New product development: customers' and suppliers' assessment of the same project.
Motivation for innovation in small enterprises.
From R&amp;D management to strategic technology management: evolution and perspectives.
Technology and inter-firm relationships in the automotive industry: the case of the Basque Country and Navarre (Spain).
Evaluating IT outsourcing customer satisfaction and its impact on firm performance in Korea.
High technology product development: technical and management review system.
Innovation: sources and strategies.
Built to last: why BAAN continues to be successful.
The impact of knowledge management enablers on non-financial performance in small and medium enterprises.
Can we still talk about continuous improvement? Rethinking enablers and inhibitors for successful implementation.
Tools and abilities for continuous improvement: what are the drivers of performance?
An innovative model of a computer-mediated professional community: China software developer net.
SME corporate social responsibility and competitiveness: a literature review.
Reverse knowledge and technology transfer: imbalances caused by cognitive barriers in asymmetric relationships.
Science and technology centres as agents for promoting science culture in developing nations.
What is e-entrepreneurship? - fundamentals of company founding in the net economy.
Modularity in cooperative product development: the case of the MCC 'smart' car.
Roadmapping for industrial emergence and innovation gaps to catch-up: a patent-based analysis of OLED industry in China.
External dynamic capabilities, reconfiguration of cooperation mechanism and new product development: contingent effect of technological resource base.
Synchronised Design for X platform for performance measurement on the WWW.
Location choice, management and performance of international R&amp;D investments in peripheral economies.
Managing knowledge and technology for sustainable development in Africa.
Sources of innovation, their combinations and strengths - benefits at the NPD project level.
Towards a knowledge-based view of OEM relationship building: sharing of industrial experiences in Taiwan.
Transregional effects of knowledge management: implications for policy and evaluation design.
Technological knowledge and governance in alliances among competitors.
The impact of continuous and discontinuous alliance strategies on startup innovation performance.
Empowering customers: portals, supply networks and assemblers.
Applying lean in product development - enabler or inhibitor of creativity?
Technological cognition and co-adaptation in mesoeconomic plexuses.
Evaluating approaches to product design and sourcing decisions in multinational companies.
In-house R&amp;D, technology purchase and innovation: empirical evidences from Chinese hi-tech industries, 1995-2004.
Negative side effects of customer integration.
Productivity measurement and evaluation models with application to a military Ramp;D organisation.
Editorial.
New trends in Chinese innovation policies since 2009 - a system framework of policy analysis.
Can venture capital trigger innovation? New evidence from China.
Integrating market and technological knowledge in the fuzzy front end: an FCM-based action support system.
Knowledge transfer capacity of universities and knowledge transfer success: evidence from university - industry collaborations in China.
The role of service providers in establishing networked regional business accelerators in Utah.
Managing CFD simulation: reflections around a questionnaire.
Information processes in support of innovation.
Achieving innovation or the Holy Grail: managing knowledge or managing commitment?
The significance of communication networks for the success of system evaluations.
Managing knowledge in new product and service development: a new management approach for innovative research organisations.
Sourcing external technological knowledge: a decision support framework for firms.
Are industries destined toward "productivity paradox"? An empirical case of Korea.
A contingency model for studying R&amp;D-marketing integration in NPD context.
Effectiveness of different development paths in continuous improvement: empirical results from a (new) methodological approach.
General Electric at the crossroads: the end of the last US conglomerate?
Knowledge distribution among market experts: a closer look into the efficiency of information gathering for innovation projects.
User toolkits for innovation - a literature review.
High-end disruptive technologies with an inferior performance.
What determines the outcome of licensing deals in market for technology? Empirical analysis of sellers and buyers in biotechnology alliances.
ICT industry development strategies and the formation of industrial innovation systems on the two sides of the Taiwan Strait.
Building public knowledge: collaborations between science centres, universities and industry.
The recruitment of researchers and the organisation of scientific activity in industry.
Learning and capability building in industrialising economies: a critical note.
Determinants of the valuation of intangible assets - a contrast between Taiwanese and American IC design houses.
Firms' transition to green product service system innovators: cases from the mobility sector.
Managing the disruptive technologies life cycle by externalising the research: social network and corporate venturing in the Silicon Valley.
CSR, innovation strategy and supply chain management: toward an integrated perspective.
Windows of opportunity, learning strategies and the rise of China's handset makers.
Innovation performance measurement: current practices, issues and management challenges.
Knowledge, technology trajectories, and innovation in a developing country context: evidence from a survey of Malaysian firms.
Continuous improvement capability in the Swedish engineering industry.
The influences of critical incidents and lifecycle dynamics on innovation implementation constructs in SMEs: a longitudinal study.
Lean product development - enabling management factors for waste elimination.
Using data mining for service satisfaction performance analysis for mainland tourists in Taiwan.
Creating support for a change in strategy.
Seed systems for African food security: linking molecular genetic analysis and cultivator knowledge in West Africa.
eTOM and e-services based trouble-management operations: a large scale telecom case study.
Organisational innovation and coopetition between SMEs: a tertius strategies approach.
Product architecture and platforms: a conceptual framework.
Precursors, contexts and consequences of organisational learning.
A tool for systematic assessment of customer needs in industrial markets.
CI in the work place: does involving the HRM function make any difference?
Balancing industry outlooks and technology policy as response.
Innovation, what innovation? A comparison between product, process and organisational innovation.
Efficiency improvement through learning.
Comparing regional innovative capacities of PR China based on data analysis of the national patents.
Dual-use as Knowledge-Oriented Policy: France during the 1990-2000s.
Auditing methodology on legal compliance of enterprise information systems.
Confucian value system and its impact on joint venture formation.
Acquisitions and alliances in the aerospace industry: an unusual triad.
A study forecasting the development tendency of the textile industry in Taiwan.
Organising the external technology exploitation process: current practices and future challenges.
A strategic decision model for the justification of supply chain as a means to improve national development index.
Understanding buyer behaviour in software services - strategies for Indian firms.
Destination management systems: creation of value for visitors of tourism destinations.
Leadership style and quality climate perceptions: contrasting project vs. process environments.
Open innovation strategies in the food and drink industry: determinants and impact on innovation performance.
Modularity in the mediation of market and technology change.
Learning barriers in continuous product innovation.
The dynamics of technological learning inside the latecomer firm: evidence from the capital goods industry in Brazil.
CI practice in Spain: its role as a strategic tool for the firm. Empirical evidence from the CINet survey analysis.
The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters: current revival of a time-honoured institution.
Google and global market search: information signals and knowledge indices.
Technological learning in six firms in Southern China: success and limits of an industrialisation model.
Market-oriented reforms, globalisation and the recent transformation of the production and social structure of developing countries.
Adapting to the future: the role of science academies in capacity building.
Towards an integrative model of business, knowledge and organisational learning processes.
Managing operations with people and technology.
Expectations before privatisation and market realities after privatisation: technology transfer.
Economic globalisation and its future challenges for regional development.
Selecting a technical strategy for high-tech enterprises in developing countries - a case study.
Managing and organising collaborative improvement: a system integrator perspective.
The influence of asymmetric bargaining power, mutual hostages and task characteristics on the governance structure of cross-border technology alliances.
Is the resource-based "view" a useful perspective for SHRM research? The case of the video game industry.
A model of co-design relationships: definitions and contingencies.
Competences and capabilities for innovation in supply chain relationships.
Strategic business leadership through innovation and globalisation: a case study of Ranbaxy Limited.
Multinational R&amp;D in China: differentiation and integration of global R&amp;D networks.
Continuous innovation: towards a paradoxical, ambidextrous combination of exploration and exploitation.
Management of technology through Vision-Driven R&amp;D.
Innovation exploitation, exploration and supplier relationship management.
The role of an academy of sciences and humanities.
Innovation management in Finmeccanica: experiencing a technology matrix.
The decision Delphi as a tool of technology policy - the Austrian experience.
High technology locations and globalisation: converse paths, common processes.
Technological regimes and the evolution of networks of innovators. Lessons from biotechnology and pharmaceuticals.
An intelligent supplier relationship management system for selecting and benchmarking suppliers.
Interactive relationship between KIBS and knowledge environment.
Non-technological and technological innovations: do services differ from manufacturing? An empirical analysis of Luxembourg firms.
The social innovation process: themes, challenges and implications for practice.
The HRM practices of innovative knowledge-intensive firms.
Business ethics: myth or reality, tool or essence?
In search of coopetition consensus: shaping the collective identity of a relevant strategic management community.
The paradox at the base of the pyramid: environmental sustainability and market-based poverty alleviation.
European collaboration in biotechnology: the molecular analysis of genomes.
Team performance in a lean manufacturing operation: it takes the will and a way to succeed.
Information networks and technological innovation for industrial products.
Grouping decomposition under constraints for design/build life cycle in project delivery system.
Innovation in practice: Philips Applied Technologies.
Comparison of e-commerce in India and Mexico: an example of technology diffusion in developing nations.
Collaborative order management: toward standard solutions for interorganisational order management.
Globalisation of R&amp;D and host-country patenting of multinational corporations in emerging countries.
Innovation and operative real options as ways to affect organisational learning.
Framework of open innovation in SMEs in an emerging economy: firm characteristics, network openness, and network information.
Network structures and the reproduction of resources for sustainable innovation.
The city of brain in South Korea: Daedeok Science Town.
Changing buyer-supplier relationships: reflections of dynamism and innovation in the automotive industry in India.
A systems approach for collaborative decision support in water resources planning.
Understanding a firm's choice for openness: strategy as determinant.
Building up a project complexity framework using an international Delphi study.
Management of technology and responsive policies in a new economy.
New product development: challenges of globalisation.
Achieving supply chain environment management: an exploratory study.
Proactive versus reactive motivations for patenting and their impact on patent production at universities.
Technology and knowledge document cluster analysis for enterprise R&amp;D strategic planning.
Foreign patenting behaviour of small and large firms.
Poles of competitiveness, a French dangerous obsession?
The influence of entrepreneur characteristics on the success of pure dot.com firms.
Conceptualising aerospace outsourcing: Airbus UK and the lean supply approach.
Variables influencing industrial funding of academic research in Italy: an empirical analysis.
Strategic management of technology in Japanese firms: literature review.
Strategic alliances for world competitiveness.
Building global products and competing in innovation: the role of Chinese university spin-outs and required innovation capabilities.
Auctioning public financial support incentives.
The role of knowledge management in R&amp;D: a survey of Danish R&amp;D leaders' perceptions and beliefs.
Developing the agile enterprise.
A new product development learning model: antecedents and consequences of declarative and procedural knowledge.
Team personality composition, affective ties and knowledge sharing: a team-level analysis.
An innovative approach to evaluating organisational change.
Supplier involvement in automotive component design: outsourcing strategies and supply chain management.
Configuration of technology networks in the wind turbine industry. A comparative study of technology management models in European and Chinese lead firms.
Building the African information society.
Transition of R&amp;D and product development procedures after mergers and acquisitions: a case study of Intermagnetics General and Philips Healthcare.
Relationship learning and dyadic knowledge creation in international subcontracting relationships: the supplier's perspective.
Technology management and broadband internet regulation: the case of Thailand.
A GSS process to generate new product ideas and business concepts.
Decision making in inter-organisational relationships: implications from systems thinking.
Developing the partner relationship management system for franchised electronic stores.
A generic approach to computer-based Clinical Practice Guideline management using the ECA Rule paradigm and active databases.
Competence and community: post-acquisition learning processes in high-tech companies.
Organisational unlearning, organisational flexibility and innovation capability: an empirical study of SMEs in China.
Innovation management: experience from the perspective of the electric power industry.
Technology entrepreneurial styles: a comparison of UMC and TSMC.
Data interchange services: use of XML hub approach for the aerospace supply chain.
Do R&amp;D and IT tax credits work? Evaluation of the Japanese tax reform.
Autonomous and induced learning: an optimal control approach.
Flexibility, fit and innovative capacity: an empirical examination.
Learning as a competitive advantage: innovative training in the Australian aerospace industry.
Leveraging knowledge in the innovation and learning process at GKN.
Innovative activity in Canadian food processing establishments: the importance of engineering practices.
Dynamic boundaries of user communities: exploiting synergies rather than managing dilemmas.
Using traffic prediction models for providing predictive traveller information.
Management of technology in an SME: a case study of Hind High Vacuum Co. Pvt. Ltd.
Customer orientation in innovation projects and new product development success - the moderating effect of product innovativeness.
When Lean and Six Sigma converge: a case study of a successful implementation of Lean Six Sigma at an aerospace company.
R&amp;D knowledge management in a telecommunications consortium: an actor-network perspective.
Technology transformation and purposed play: model development and implications for high tech product development.
The changing autarky pharmaceutical R&amp;D process: causes and consequences of growing R&amp;D collaboration in Japanese firms.
Implementation Methodology of Evidence-Based Medicine based on technological diffusion approach: a case of system establishment within the hospital industry.
Commitment and conflict management for relational marketing in China.
Managing sponsored research rewards to industry and universities.
Innovation, improvement and operations: an exploration of the management of alignment.
Organising deliberate innovation in knowledge clusters: from accidental brokering to purposeful brokering processes.
Business incubators as economic development tools: rethinking models based on the Korea experience.
Will technology fusion induce the paradigm change of university education?
Neo-contingency analysis of recruitment and selection: an Anglo-French study of high-tech and mid-tech vs. low-tech firms.
Striving for Kakushin (continuous innovation) for the 21st century.
Innovation in engineering education: a French sample of design and continuous updating of an engineering school to industrial needs.
Organisational knowledge creating processes and the performance of university-industry collaborative R&amp;D projects.
Technology strategy of Toshiba Corporation: a knowledge evolution perspective.
New technological links between national innovation systems and corporations.
Technology development and knowledge spillover in Africa: evidence using patent and citation data.
Enabling knowledge creation through outsiders: towards a push model of open innovation.
Mergers and acquisitions, alliances and technology development: an empirical study of the global auto industry.
Trial implementation of a highly autonomous small-team-type R&amp;D management model in a Japanese electronics company.
Knowledge transfer and industry innovation: the discovery of nanotechnology by South-West Sydney organisations.
Managing knowledge for new product performance in the high technology industry.
The knowledge production function: lessons from biotechnology.
Software development management: critical success factors.
Value people, the missing link in creating high performance organisations.
A review of total factor productivity studies in Korea and a discussion of limits to national and corporate technology strategies.
An application of fuzzy linear regression to the information technology in Turkey.
Coopetition in corporate venture capital: the relationship between network attributes, corporate innovativeness, and financial performance.
Performance improvement of third-party logistics providers - an integrated approach with a logistics information system.
Public foresight exercises at an intermediate level: the French national programmes and the experience of Bordeaux.
The impact of the web on information and communication modes: the case of corporate environmental disclosure.
Harnessing value in knowledge acquisition and dissemination: strategic sourcing in product development.
The formation of subsequent inter-firm R&amp;D partnerships between large pharmaceutical companies and small, entrepreneurial biotechnology firms - how important is inter-organisational trust?
Developing effective strategies to address complex challenges: evidence from local high-tech firms in China.
Intellectual property protection, direct investment and technology transfer: Germany, Japan and the USA.
An empirical assessment of a learning and Knowledge Management typology for Research Joint Ventures.
Six Sigma: a strategy for supporting innovation in pursuit of business excellence - invited paper.
Promoting business incubation for improved competitiveness of small and medium industries in Korea.
Leveraging in-house R&amp;D competencies for a new market: how Corning pioneered fibre optics.
Foresight - seven paradoxes.
The role of cross-functional teams on the alignment between technology innovation effectiveness and operational effectiveness.
From privatisation to commercialisation: a case study from the Australian aerospace industry.
New trends in innovation strategy at Chinese universities in Hong Kong and Shenzhen.
Product life cycle management in engineer-to-order industries.
Who is the customer? Maintaining a customer orientation in long-term service-focused projects.
The role of techno-countervailing power in inducing the development and dissemination of new functionality - an analysis of Canon printers and Japan's personal computers.
Social innovation in services: technologically assisted new care models for people with dementia and their usability.
Small firm transformation through IS.
What challenges lie ahead for improvement programmes in the UK? Lessons from the CINet Continuous Improvement Survey 2003.
General Electric after Jack Welch: succession and success?
Innovation in China's high-tech industries: barriers and their impact on innovation performance.
Assessing the management of innovation with software tools: an application of innovationEnterprizer.
Experiences with facilitating policy meetings with group support systems.
Knowledge and technology transfer grid: empirical assessment.
Developing and assessing radical technological changes: lessons from the PBX industry.
Privatisation and technology transfer in Central and Eastern Europe.
Integrating product and technology development.
Unlearning as a driver of sustainable change and innovation: three Australian case studies.
Venture team human capital and absorptive capacity in high technology new ventures.
Dynamic strategic planning for technology policy.
The organisational context of learning: an empirical analysis.
Path dependence as a political construct, the disruptive influence of technology and Japanese aerospace.
Knowledge and knowing as structure: a new perspective on the management of technology for the knowledge based economy.
Intellectual property and open innovation: an empirical analysis.
A mental model approach applied to R&amp;D decision-making.
Tourists' acceptance of advanced technology-based innovations for promoting arts and culture.
Modelling the reciprocal and longitudinal effect of return on sales and R&amp;D intensity during economic cycles.
Making governance mechanisms effective in a coordinated industry: the case of construction in the United Kingdom.
Management of dualities as a critical dimension of a knowledge-era organisation.
A framework for assessing innovation collaboration partners and its application to BRICs.
Patterns of R&amp;D internationalisation in developing countries: China as a case.
Lessons from co-development of a Single Vessel Processor: methodologies for managing innovation in customer-supplier networks.
Computer-supported quality safeguards in the product development process.
A strategic product portfolio management methodology considering R&amp;D resource constraints for engineering-to-order industries.
Managing parallel development towards technological transitions.
Global product development in the ceramic tiles industry.
Flexibility: an emerging meta-competence for managing high technology.
Technology-push and need-pull roles in information system security diffusion.
High technology clustering in the polycentric metropolis: a view from the Los Angeles metropolitan region.
Human resources management and its impact on innovation performance in companies.
Fostering Continuous Improvement within new product development processes.
Insights for orchestrating innovation ecosystems: the case of EIT ICT Labs and data-driven network visualisations.
Inter-partner relationship, knowledge transfer mechanisms, and improved capability to manage R&amp;D alliances: evidence from the telecommunications industry.
The problem of using hierarchy for implementing organisational innovation.
Testing goodwill: conflict and cooperation in new product development networks.
A strategic examination of Radio Frequency Identification in Supply Chain Management.
An innovative model of multi-project wafer service in the foundry industry.
Appropriation, tacit knowledge and hybrid social regimes in biotechnology in Europe.
Transfer of technology: a critical element in China's privatisation process.
Outsourcing manufacturing and its effect on engineering firm performance.
A case study of knowledge protection and diffusion for innovation: managing knowledge in the mobile telephone industry.
The impact of interaction between R&amp;D and marketing on new product performance: an empirical analysis of Chinese high technology firms.
Strategic innovation management of change in the pharmaceutical industry.
Inconsistency of food security information in Sudan.
A comparative study of the alliance experiences between US and Taiwanese firms.
The globalisation of an Italian family company: Zobele Chemical Industries (1919-2006).
Functional market concept for planning technological innovations.
The knowledge value chain: how intellectual capital impacts on business performance.
The knowledge value chain as an SME innovation policy instrument framework: an analytical exploration of SMEs public innovation support in OECD countries.
The influence of size, age and growth on innovation management in small firms.
Adaptive learning with e-knowledge systems.
Firms' culture and technological behaviour: the case of two breweries in Mexico.
Emotions in crisis management: an analysis of the organisational response of two natural disasters.
Knowledge creation as a dynamic capability: implications for innovation management and organisational design.
Continuous improvement through collaborative action learning.
A study of shareholder reaction to technology motivated joint ventures and strategic alliances: strategic and financial perspectives.
Enhancement of global competitiveness for Hong Kong/China manufacturing industries through i-agile virtual enterprising.
Learning, combinative capabilities and innovation in developing countries: the case of video compact disc (VCD) and agricultural vehicles in China.
A method of users' needs assessment.
Defense financing of private R&amp;D: evidences from French firms.
The impact of the supply chain on core competencies and knowledge management: directions for future research.
The impact on innovation of open access to spatial environmental information: a research strategy.
'Last orders' at the rural 'cyber pub': a failure of 'social learning'?
Managing product and customer knowledge in innovative new product development.
Participative development and training for business processes in industry: review of 88 simulation games.
Learning from foreign TNCs: a study of technology upgrading by local suppliers to AB Volvo in Asia and Latin America.
Bottom-up or top-down? Evolutionary change management in NPD processes.
Foreign development of China's motor vehicle industry.
Competing in the cauldron of the global economy: tools, processes, case studies, and theory supporting economic development.
Process management and technological innovation: an empirical study of the information and electronic industry in Taiwan.
Global value chain reconfiguration through external linkages and the development of newcomers: a global story of clusters and innovation.
E-commerce: the emergence of a field and its knowledge network.
The global pharmaceutical industry: changing competitive landscape.
A Bayesian decision analysis with fuzzy interpretability for aging chronic disease.
Mission impossible? Institutional barriers to the diffusion of the "third academic mission" at German universities.
Organising for reverse innovation in Western MNCs: the role of frugal product innovation capabilities.
Anchor tenants and regional innovation systems: the aircraft industry.
From production capacity to technological capability: an institutional and organisational perspective.
Internet development in Zambia: a triple helix of government-university-partners.
Relationships between telecommunications infrastructure, capital formation, and economic growth.
Information technology and economic development in Korea: a causality study.
A review and conceptualisation of innovation models from the past three decades.
How continuous improvement evolves as companies gain experience.
Workspace design: a case study applying participatory design principles of healthy workplaces in an industrial setting.
Training students on the TRIZ method using a patent database.
Government IT strategy and technology transfer in Korea.
Market information feedback for the high-tech dominated IPO companies.
Entrepreneurial success and low-budget internet exposure: the case of online-retailing.
An application of data envelopment analysis to measure the managerial performance of electronics industry in Taiwan.
The effect of knowledge complexity on the strategic value of technological capabilities.
Bay-to-bay strategic alliances: the network linkages between Taiwan and the US venture capital industries.
Technological knowledge assets and innovation.
Developing knowledge management - what makes the success?
Foreign research and development in China: a sectoral approach.
Knowledge-networking capability in German SMEs: a model for empirical investigation.
The effects of open innovation activity on performance of SMEs: the case of Korea.
Disparity of the infusion of e-business within SMEs: a global perspective.
Antecedents of strategic ambidexterity: effects of entrepreneurial orientation on exploratory and exploitative innovations in adolescent organisations.
Organisational logic in the new age of business: the case example of knowledge management at Valtech.
Technological innovation and interfirm cooperation: an exploratory analysis using survey data from manufacturing firms in the metropolitan region of Vienna.
External technology commercialisation - policy guidelines.
Framework for e-mail records management in corporate environments.
The internet: competitive strategy and boundaries of the firm.
Time and technological learning in industrialising countries: how long does it take? How fast is it moving (if at all)?
The Cabral-Dahab Science Park Management Paradigm applied to the case of Kista, Sweden.
International coordination of technology flows and knowledge activity in innovation.
Strategic knowledge creation: the case of Hamamatsu Photonics.
Software industry in the fastest emerging market: challenges and opportunities.
Collaboration in biotechnology: how inter-firm relations strengthen research efforts in the USA.
Coordinating new product development in an international joint venture.
Science and technology manpower policy and an estimation of high tech manpower demand for the regional operation centre: the case of Taiwan.
Just-in-time technology analysis support.
The effectiveness of compensation strategies in international technology intensive firms.
Impact of product platforms on lean production systems: evidence from industrial machinery manufacturing.
Supporting the ideation processes by a collaborative online based toolset.
Why design methodologies are difficult to implement.
The impact of information systems technology on operations management.
Territorial knowledge management: towards a metrics of the cognitive dimension of agglomeration economies.
The role of learning capability in market-oriented firms in the context of open innovation-based technology acquisition: empirical evidence from the Korean manufacturing sector.
Unveiling the texture of a European Research Area: emergence of oligarchic networks under EU Framework Programmes.
Innovation and firm performance: an application of determinants in Taiwan.
Understanding the critical factors effect user satisfaction and impact of ERP through innovation of diffusion theory.
A case study of an organisation development of duality.
The role of research in regional innovation systems: new models meeting knowledge economy demands.
Continuous innovative practises and operational performance.
The technology-component matrix: a tool for analysing and managing knowledge.
A practical approach for beginning the process of technology roadmapping.
Business ecosystem extension: facilitating the technology substitution.
Ownership, technological intensities, and economic performance in South Africa.
The complexity in technological capabilities: evidence from biotechnological Spanish firms.
Applying different control approaches for resources with high and low utilisation: a case study of the production of complex products with stochastic processing times.
Inter-departmental collaboration and new product development success: a study on the collaboration between marketing and R&amp;D in Spanish high-technology firms.
IT challenges organisational design: how to connect manufacturing concepts to IT.
Leveraging the 'E' in entrepreneurship: test of an integrative model of e-commerce new venture growth.
The impact of internationalisation and proprietary assets on firm performance: an empirical analysis of Taiwanese high-tech firms.
Innovation and network collaboration: an HRM perspective.
Managing the change of strategy from customisation to product platform: case of Mabuchi Motors, a leading DC motor manufacturer.
'Wikipedia, the Free Encyclopedia' as a role model? Lessons for open innovation from an exploratory examination of the supposedly democratic-anarchic nature of Wikipedia.
The effectiveness of learning from strategic alliances: a case study of the Taiwanese textile industry.
Smart products and service systems for e-business transformation.
Electronic monitoring in criminal justice system: an alternative supervision with IT perspective.
The role of continuous improvement within globalisation.
Japanese entrepreneurs and their firms: survey results.
Change point analysis and assessment: an integrated methodological design.
From product development to Continuous Product Innovation: mapping the routes of corporate knowledge.
The nurture of knowledge-based resources through the design of an architecture of human resource management systems: implications for strategic management.
Global convergence meets local divergence: intellectual property in Indian seed markets.
Antecedents of technology ventures' growth: comparing investor experience and effort.
From adaptation to complete vehicle design: a case study of product development capabilities in a carmaker in Brazil.
Organisational learning from external sources: new issues and performance implications.
Collaborative business modelling for systemic and sustainability innovations.
Failure sources in R&amp;D consortia: the case of mobile service development.
Learning capabilities and the growth of technology-based new ventures.
Strategic and investment behaviour in the German and Israeli venture capital industries: a comparison with the USA.
Innovation processes in mature clusters of SMEs. A proposal for assessment indicators.
Openness in innovation and business models: lessons from the newspaper industry.
Technology Intelligence practice in UK technology-based companies.
Introduction to coopetition and innovation: contemporary topics and future research opportunities.
Evolution of collaborative innovation network in China's wind turbine manufacturing industry.
Innovation, mission statements and learning.
Organising for continuous innovation: the community of practice approach.
Considering an object-oriented approach to design process planning.
An integrated approach to the optimal selection of security tools using analytic hierarchy process and goal programming.
Career stage, benchmarking and collective research.
Dynamic capabilities and the evolution of knowledge management projects in SMEs.
The evolution of R&amp;D capability in multinational corporations in emerging markets: evidence from China.
Learning curves and technology assessment.
Competitive advantages of managing an effective social network structure to stimulate innovation from a knowledge management perspective.
The choice of technology intelligence methods in multinationals: towards a contingency approach.
Acquisitions as a means of innovation sourcing by incumbents and growth of technology-oriented ventures.
Financing technology: an assessment of theory and practice.
How do venture capitalists spread risk by diversification within specialised life science portfolios?
Benchmarking inter-organisational technology cooperation: the link between infrastructure and sustained performance.
Dynamics of managing technology in a growing economy - a national perspective: case of India.
Organisation and management of research and development facilities - from cost to profit focus.
Effective patent life in pharmaceuticals.
The Austrian foresight programme: organisation and expert profile.
Improving high variable-low volume operations: an exploration into the lean product development.
Pushing technology to where the market will be: the case of Nokia.
Learning mechanisms in a technology based organisational change programme: an exploratory study between Chinese and Norwegian corporations.
Technology and society: GSS-supported participatory policy analysis.
The semiconductor community in the Silicon Valley: a network analysis of the SEMI genealogy chart (1947-1986).
Combining Partitional and Hierarchical Algorithms for Robust and Efficient Data Clustering with Cohesion Self-Merging.
D-ToSS: A Distributed Throwaway Spatial Index Structure for Dynamic Location Data.
A Comprehensive Study on Willingness Maximization for Social Activity Planning with Quality Guarantee.
A Spectrum-Based Framework for Quantifying Randomness of Social Networks.
Automatic Programming for End Users: The TOAD System.
GridVideo: A Practical Example of Nonscientific Application on the Grid.
An Implementation of Logical Analysis of Data.
Signature-Based Detection of Notable Transitions in Numeric Data Streams.
DryadeParent, An Efficient and Robust Closed Attribute Tree Mining Algorithm.
Mining Generalized Associations of Semantic Relations from Textual Web Content.
User-Centric Similarity Search.
Enriching the Expressive Power of Security Labels.
Inferring Directions of Undirected Social Ties.
A Knowledge-Based Approach for Retrieving Images by Content.
Set Matching Measures for External Cluster Validity.
Omnivariate Rule Induction Using a Novel Pairwise Statistical Test.
ReFinder: A Context-Based Information Refinding System.
Keyword Query Routing.
Efficient Index-Based Approaches for Skyline Queries in Location-Based Applications.
Capturing the Semantics of Key Phrases Using Multiple Languages for Question Retrieval.
Corrections to "An Efficient Algorithm for Matching Multiple Patterns".
A Shrinking-Based Clustering Approach for Multidimensional Data.
Pushing Support Constraints Into Association Rules Mining.
A Parametric Approach to Deductive Databases with Uncertainty.
Minimally Supervised Novel Relation Extraction Using a Latent Relational Mapping.
Recovery from Malicious Transactions.
Conditional Anomaly Detection.
Common Subexpression Processing in Multiple-Query Processing.
Editorial: New AE Introduction.
Response Time Analysis of OPS5 Production Systems.
MPGS: An Interactive Tool for the Specification and Generation of Multimedia Presentations.
Data Resource Selection in Distributed Visual Information Systems.
Efficient Process of Top-k Range-Sum Queries over Multiple Streams with Minimized Global Error.
BORDER: Efficient Computation of Boundary Points.
G-Tree: A New Data Structure for Organizing Multidimensional Data.
Divergence Control Algorithms for Epsilon Serializability.
A Keyword-Based Semantic Prefetching Approach in Internet News Services.
Co-Occurrence-Based Diffusion for Expert Search on the Web.
High-Dimensional Similarity Joins.
Evolutionary Bayesian Rose Trees.
On the Recovery of R-Trees.
Learning to Predict: INC2.5.
SQL Extension for Interval Data.
On Change Diagnosis in Evolving Data Streams.
A Bayesian Inference-Based Framework for RFID Data Cleansing.
Design and Performance Evaluation of Broadcast Algorithms for Time-Constrained Data Retrieval.
Scalable Semantic Brokering over Dynamic Heterogeneous Data Sources in InfoSleuth<sup>TM</sup>.
A Metapattern-Based Automated Discovery Loop for Integrated Data Mining - Unsupervised Learning of Relational Patterns.
Publishing Search Logs - A Comparative Study of Privacy Guarantees.
On Identifying Critical Nuggets of Information during Classification Tasks.
A General Theory for Evolving Application Models.
TrGraph: Cross-Network Transfer Learning via Common Signature Subgraphs.
Relevance Feedback Algorithms Inspired By Quantum Detection.
Using Optimistic Atomic Broadcast in Transaction Processing Systems.
Distributed Strategies for Mining Outliers in Large Data Sets.
Hot Topic Extraction Based on Timeline Analysis and Multidimensional Sentence Modeling.
DOLPHIN: Digital Online Library Providing Human-Like Interactive Navigation.
A Temporal Access Control Mechanism for Database Systems.
Change Detection in Streaming Multivariate Data Using Likelihood Detectors.
A Methodology for Learning Across Application Domains for Database Design Systems.
An Evidential Reasoning Approach to Attribute Value Conflict Resolution in Database Integration.
Guest Editors' Introduction to Special Section On Temporal and Real-Time Databases.
Modular Synchronization in Distributed, Multiversion Databases: Version Control and Concurrency Control.
Trust-X: A Peer-to-Peer Framework for Trust Establishment.
Editorial: Introducing the New Editor-in-Chief of IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering.
Adaptive Anomaly Detection with Kernel Eigenspace Splitting and Merging.
Optimal Scheduling and Placement of Internet Banner Advertisements.
Inductive Database Relations.
Accurate Modeling of Region Data.
Scalable Consistency Maintenance in Content Distribution Networks Using Cooperative Leases.
An Evaluation of Starburst's Memory Resident Storage Component.
PPSGen: Learning-Based Presentation Slides Generation for Academic Papers.
Visualization Techniques for Mining Large Databases: A Comparison.
Asynchronous Operations in Distributed Concurrency Control.
Data on Air: Organization and Access.
A Hidden Topic-Based Framework toward Building Applications with Short Web Documents.
Using Emerging Patterns to Construct Weighted Decision Trees.
Graph Pattern Matching: A Join/Semijoin Approach.
Anonymization of Centralized and Distributed Social Networks by Sequential Clustering.
An Overlay Subscription Network for Live Internet TV Broadcast.
CoDe Modeling of Graph Composition for Data Warehouse Report Visualization.
One-Pass Wavelet Decompositions of Data Streams.
Online Scheduling Sequential Objects with Periodicity for Dynamic Information Dissemination.
Learning Mixtures of Markov Chains from Aggregate Data with Structural Constraints.
IncreSTS: Towards Real-Time Incremental Short Text Summarization on Comment Streams from Social Network Services.
Robust Perceptual Image Hashing Based on Ring Partition and NMF.
Diffusion of "Following" Links in Microblogging Networks.
State of the Journal Editorial.
Editorial.
Knowledge-Based Image Retrieval with Spatial and Temporal Constructs.
Using Hybrid Knowledge Engineering and Image Processing in Color Virtual Restoration of Ancient Murals.
Speeding up External Mergesort.
On Combining Neuro-Fuzzy Architectures with the Rough Set Theory to Solve Classification Problems with Incomplete Data.
Editorial: Introducing the New AEs.
Fuzzy Rule Base Systems Verification Using High-Level Petri Nets.
An Efficient and Scalable Algorithm for Clustering XML Documents by Structure.
Reinforced Similarity Integration in Image-Rich Information Networks.
Diverse Set Selection Over Dynamic Data.
Efficient Differential Timeslice Computation.
Enabling Scalable Geographic Service Sharing with Weighted Imprecise Voronoi Cells.
COSAC: A Framework for Combinatorial Statistical Analysis on Cloud.
Maintaining Sliding Window Skylines on Data Streams.
Toward SWSs Discovery: Mapping from WSDL to OWL-S Based on Ontology Search and Standardization Engine.
Energy-Aware Set-Covering Approaches for Approximate Data Collection in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Efficient Probabilistic Supergraph Search.
Right-Protected Data Publishing with Provable Distance-Based Mining.
Aggregate Estimation in Hidden Databases with Checkbox Interfaces.
Bottom-Up Construction of Ontologies.
Automated Reasoning Using Possibilistic Logic: Semantics, Belief Revision, and Variable Certainty Weights.
JPernLite: Extensible Transaction Services for the WWW.
On the Data Model and Access Method of Summary Data Management.
Multiquality Data Replication in Multimedia Databases.
The Design and Implementation of Seeded Trees: An Efficient Method for Spatial Joins.
Spatially Aware Term Selection for Geotagging.
Ring Signature with Weak Linkability and Its Applications.
Asking Generalized Queries to Domain Experts to Improve Learning.
An Efficient Algorithm for Matching Multiple Patterns.
A Guide to the Basic Logic Dialect for Rule Interchange on the Web.
Counting Triangles in Large Graphs by Random Sampling.
Efficient Evaluation of Probabilistic Advanced Spatial Queries on Existentially Uncertain Data.
Gray-Scale ALIAS.
Learning Distributed Representations of Concepts Using Linear Relational Embedding.
Video Content Management in Consumer Devices.
A Rule-Based Object-Oriented OWL Reasoner.
Discovering Expressive Process Models by Clustering Log Traces.
Segmenting Customers from Population to Individuals: Does 1-to-1 Keep Your Customers Forever?
Graph Regularized Feature Selection with Data Reconstruction.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Intelligence and Security Informatics.
Indexing for Multiversion Locking: Alternatives and Performance Evaluation.
Inverted Linear Quadtree: Efficient Top K Spatial Keyword Search.
An Architecture for Survivable Coordination in Large Distributed Systems.
A Similarity Measure for Comparing XACML Policies.
Intelligent Query Answering by Knowledge Discovery Techniques.
Scaling Up Synchronization-Inspired Partitioning Clustering.
A Framework for Mining Sequential Patterns from Spatio-Temporal Event Data Sets.
A Knowledge-Based Software Life-Cycle Framework for the Incorporation of Multicriteria Analysis in Intelligent User Interfaces.
On the Analytical Properties of High-Dimensional Randomization.
Predicting Missing Items in Shopping Carts.
FiVaTech: Page-Level Web Data Extraction from Template Pages.
Block Access Estimation for Clustered Data.
On the Customization of Components: A Rule-Based Approach.
Domain-Driven Data Mining: Challenges and Prospects.
Scalable Keyword Search on Large RDF Data.
Anonymization by Local Recoding in Data with Attribute Hierarchical Taxonomies.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Closed Itemsets and Their Lattice Structure.
Reputation Aggregation in Peer-to-Peer Network Using Differential Gossip Algorithm.
Genetic Search: Analysis Using Fitness Moments.
An Efficient Algorithm for Discovering Frequent Subgraphs.
The Interaction Between Schema Matching and Record Matching in Data Integration.
Knowledge-Based Software Architectures: Acquisition, Specification, and Verification.
Topic Mining over Asynchronous Text Sequences.
Efficient Keyword Search on Uncertain Graph Data.
Global Committability in Multidatabase Systems.
Caching Support for Skyline Query Processing with Partially Ordered Domains.
Using Fixed Point Theorems to Model the Binding in Protein-Protein Interactions.
Temporal Semantic Assumptions and Their Use in Databases.
Continuous Skyline Queries for Moving Objects.
Durable Queries over Historical Time Series.
On Data Management in Pervasive Computing Environments.
A Possible World Semantics for Disjunctive Databases.
Customized Policies for Handling Partial Information in Relational Databases.
Techniques for Increasing the Stream Capacity of A High-Performance Multimedia Server.
Cluster-Based Boosting.
Ancestor Controlled Submodule Inclusion in Design Databases.
A Framework for Similarity Search of Time Series Cliques with Natural Relations.
Symbolic vs. Connectionist Learning: An Experimental Comparison in a Structured Domain.
Incremental Implementation Model for Relational Databases with Transaction Time.
Criss-Cross Hash Joins: Design and Analysis.
Integrated Rule-Based Learning and Inference.
A Query Formulation Language for the Data Web.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Search with Keywords.
The Ant System Applied to the Quadratic Assignment Problem.
Achieving Communication Efficiency through Push-Pull Partitioning of Semantic Spaces to Disseminate Dynamic Information.
Guest Editor's Introduction: Cloud Data Management.
Combinatorial Optimization of Distributed Queries.
Algorithms for Storytelling.
Supporting Dynamic Interactions among Web-Based Information Sources.
Scaling Hop-Based Reachability Indexing for Fast Graph Pattern Query Processing.
A Logic-Based Transformation System.
Automating the Design and Construction of Query Forms.
E-Tree: An Efficient Indexing Structure for Ensemble Models on Data Streams.
Naive Semantics to Support Automated Database Design.
i<sup>2</sup> MapReduce: Incremental MapReduce for Mining Evolving Big Data.
Determining Attributes to Maximize Visibility of Objects.
Object-Based Semantic Real-Time Concurrency Control with Bounded Imprecision.
EIC Editorial: TKDE Editorial Board Changes.
Correction to "A Family of Directional Relation Models for Extended Objects".
A Framework for Personal Mobile Commerce Pattern Mining and Prediction.
TaxoFinder: A Graph-Based Approach for Taxonomy Learning.
Incremental Subgraph Feature Selection for Graph Classification.
LIMTopic: A Framework of Incorporating Link Based Importance into Topic Modeling.
Query Evaluability in Statistical Databases.
A Family of Directional Relation Models for Extended Objects.
Design Guidelines for Object-Oriented Deductive Systems.
Dismountable Media Management in Tertiary Storage Systems.
Efficient Approximation of Correlated Sums on Data Streams.
Qualitative and Quantitative Temporal Constraints and Relational Databases: Theory, Architecture, and Applications.
Multi-Task Multi-View Clustering.
Graph-Based Analysis of Human Transfer Learning Using a Game Testbed.
PREPARE: A Toll for Knowledge Base Verification.
Reasoning about Distributed Knowledge-Transforming Peer Interactions.
On Characterization and Discovery of Minimal Unexpected Patterns in Rule Discovery.
SEE: A Spatial Exploration Environment Based on a Direct-Manipulation Paradigm.
Efficient Management of Time-Evolving Databases.
Effects of Update Techniques on Main Memory Database System Performance.
PAGE: A Partition Aware Engine for Parallel Graph Computation.
The Context and the SitBAC Models for Privacy Preservation&#x2014;An Experimental Comparison of Model Comprehension and Synthesis.
Motif-Based Hyponym Relation Extraction from Wikipedia Hyperlinks.
Characterizing Web Usage Regularities with Information Foraging Agents.
Intertemporal Discount Factors as a Measure of Trustworthiness in Electronic Commerce.
A General Technique for Top-$k$ Geometric Intersection Query Problems.
Quantifying Political Leaning from Tweets, Retweets, and Retweeters.
Nonadaptive Mastermind Algorithms for String and Vector Databases, with Case Studies.
A Parallel Matrix-Based Method for Computing Approximations in Incomplete Information Systems.
An Expiration Age-Based Document Placement Scheme for Cooperative Web Caching.
Distributed Anomaly Detection Using Minimum Volume Elliptical Principal Component Analysis.
Application Sensitive Energy Management Framework for Storage Systems.
A New Methodology to Evaluate Locking Protocols.
Learning Balanced and Unbalanced Graphs via Low-Rank Coding.
Cost-Aware Rank Join with Random and Sorted Access.
Statistical Model Computation with UDFs.
Linear Spiral Hashing for Expansible Files.
Efficient Evaluation of SUM Queries over Probabilistic Data.
Query Relaxation by Structure and Semantics for Retrieval of Logical Web Documents.
Continuous k-Means Monitoring over Moving Objects.
Boolean Similarity Measures for Resource Discovery.
Privacy Protection Against Malicious Adversaries in Distributed Information Sharing Systems.
Collaborative Multimedia Systems: Synthesis of Media Objects.
Progressive Partition Miner: An Efficient Algorithm for Mining General Temporal Association Rules.
A Thin-Plate Spline Calibration Model For Fingerprint Sensor Interoperability.
Forecasting Association Rules Using Existing Data Sets.
Time-Series Classification with COTE: The Collective of Transformation-Based Ensembles.
Shared Memory Parallelization of Data Mining Algorithms: Techniques, Programming Interface, and Performance.
An Approach to Cold-Start Link Prediction: Establishing Connections between Non-Topological and Topological Information.
Correction to "Ontological Versus Knowledge Engineering".
PruDent: A Pruned and Confident Stacking Approach for Multi-Label Classification.
A Graph-Based Taxonomy of Recommendation Algorithms and Systems in LBSNs.
Neural-Based Learning Classifier Systems.
d-Presence without Complete World Knowledge.
Cross-Domain Learning from Multiple Sources: A Consensus Regularization Perspective.
Effective and Efficient Algorithms for Flexible Aggregate Similarity Search in High Dimensional Spaces.
Towards Online Shortest Path Computation.
Mining Closed and Maximal Frequent Subtrees from Databases of Labeled Rooted Trees.
A Graph-Based Approach for Discovering Various Types of Association Rules.
Data Cube Materialization and Mining over MapReduce.
Improved Word-Aligned Binary Compression for Text Indexing.
Multilabel Classification via Co-Evolutionary Multilabel Hypernetwork.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining High Utility Itemsets from Transactional Databases.
Declarative Programs with Implicit Implications.
Customizable Point-of-Interest Queries in Road Networks.
CloudKeyBank: Privacy and Owner Authorization Enforced Key Management Framework.
A Fuzzy Logic Approach to Wrapping PDF Documents.
New Algorithm for Computing Cube on Very Large Compressed Data Sets.
Straggler Identification in Round-Trip Data Streams via Newton's Identities and Invertible Bloom Filters.
Optimizing Multi-Top-k Queries over Uncertain Data Streams.
Generalization and Generalizability Measures.
CavSimBase: A Database for Large Scale Comparison of Protein Binding Sites.
Efficiently Mining Frequent Trees in a Forest: Algorithms and Applications.
Product Life-Cycle Metadata Modeling and Its Application with RDF.
Preventing Location-Based Identity Inference in Anonymous Spatial Queries.
Exploring Correlated Subspaces for Efficient Query Processing in Sparse Databases.
Hierarchical Decision Tree Induction in Distributed Genomic Databases.
A System to Filter Unwanted Messages from OSN User Walls.
What is Unequal among the Equals? Ranking Equivalent Rules from Gene Expression Data.
The D-Tree: An Index Structure for Planar Point Queries in Location-Based Wireless Services.
K-Means-Based Consensus Clustering: A Unified View.
The Cost of Recovery in Message Logging Protocols.
A Signature-Based Indexing Method for Efficient Content-Based Retrieval of Relative Temporal Patterns.
Response Time Driven Multimedia Data Objects Allocation for Browsing Documents in Distributed Environments.
Recovery of PTUIE Handling from Source Codes through Recognizing Its Probable Properties.
Modeling Completeness versus Consistency Tradeoffs in Information Decision Contexts.
PCMLogging: Optimizing Transaction Logging and Recovery Performance with PCM.
Efficient Hidden Vector Encryption for Conjunctive Queries on Encrypted Data.
Information Retrieval and Knowledge Discovery Utilizing a BioMedical Patent Semantic Web.
Inference in MLS Database Systems.
EMR: A Scalable Graph-Based Ranking Model for Content-Based Image Retrieval.
Authentication of k Nearest Neighbor Query on Road Networks.
Scalable Learning of Collective Behavior.
Typicality-Based Collaborative Filtering Recommendation.
A Survey on Region Extractors from Web Documents.
Multidimensional Sequence Classification Based on Fuzzy Distances and Discriminant Analysis.
Monitoring Online Tests through Data Visualization.
A New Strategy of Cost-Free Learning in the Class Imbalance Problem.
Combining Subclassifiers in Text Categorization: A DST-Based Solution and a Case Study.
Linearizing Some Recursive Logic Programs.
To Combat Multi-Class Imbalanced Problems by Means of Over-Sampling Techniques.
Bag Constrained Structure Pattern Mining for Multi-Graph Classification.
Learning in an Ambient Intelligent World: Enabling Technologies and Practices.
Epidemic Algorithms for Replicated Databases.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Knowledge and Data Engineering for E-Learning.
Generalized Normal Forms for Probabilistic Relational Data.
Multi-Class Ground Truth Inference in Crowdsourcing with Clustering.
Multiview Partitioning via Tensor Methods.
Resilient Identity Crime Detection.
Group Location Selection Queries over Uncertain Objects.
A Model for Database Allocation Incorporating a Concurrency Control Mechanism.
Potential Cases, Methodologies, and Strategies of Synthesis of Solutions in Distributed Expert Systems.
Granular Computing and Knowledge Reduction in Formal Contexts.
Adaptive Noise Immune Cluster Ensemble Using Affinity Propagation.
A Partial Correlation Statistic Structure Learning Algorithm Under Linear Structural Equation Models.
Similarity Searching in Medical Image Databases.
Toward Integrating Feature Selection Algorithms for Classification and Clustering.
Design and Implementation of a Semantic Query Optimizer.
3D-List: A Data Structure for Efficient Video Query Processing.
Biclustering of Expression Data with Evolutionary Computation.
A Model for Adaptable Systems for Transaction Processing.
Ordinal Regression Methods: Survey and Experimental Study.
iLike: Bridging the Semantic Gap in Vertical Image Search by Integrating Text and Visual Features.
Highly Comparative Feature-Based Time-Series Classification.
Achieving Data Privacy through Secrecy Views and Null-Based Virtual Updates.
Optimizing Index Allocation for Sequential Data Broadcasting in Wireless Mobile Computing.
Efficient and Scalable Algorithms for Inferring Likely Invariants in Distributed Systems.
Efficient R-Tree Based Indexing Scheme for Server-Centric Cloud Storage System.
Advanced Transaction Processing in Multilevel Secure File Stores.
k-Anonymization in the Presence of Publisher Preferences.
Dimensionality Reduction and Similarity Computation by Inner-Product Approximations.
A Component Model and Infrastructure for a Fluid Web.
A Performance Anomaly Detection and Analysis Framework for DBMS Development.
Mixed-Drove Spatiotemporal Co-Occurrence Pattern Mining.
Scalable Delivery of Dynamic Content Using a Cooperative Edge Cache Grid.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Mining Large Uncertain and Probabilistic Databases.
A Framework for Knowledge Discovery and Evolution in Databases.
The World in a Nutshell: Concise Range Queries.
Distributed Identification of Top-l Inner Product Elements and its Application in a Peer-to-Peer Network.
Estimating Block Accesses in Database Organizations.
Location Aware Keyword Query Suggestion Based on Document Proximity.
Sentence Similarity Based on Semantic Nets and Corpus Statistics.
The Grid Protocol: A High Performance Scheme for Maintaining Replicated Data.
Detection and Recovery Techniques for Database Corruption.
Implementation of Rule-Based Information Systems for Integrated Manufacturing.
Microblog Dimensionality Reduction - A Deep Learning Approach.
SPOT Databases: Efficient Consistency Checking and Optimistic Selection in Probabilistic Spatial Databases.
IFOOD: An Intelligent Fuzzy Object-Oriented Database Architecture.
k-Pattern Set Mining under Constraints.
Boolean Query Mapping Across Heterogeneous Information Sources.
Time-Space Trade-Off Analysis of Morphic Trie Images.
Towards a Formalism to Produce a Programmer Assistant CASE Tool.
Tree-Based Access Methods for Spatial Databases: Implementation and Performance Evaluation.
Close Dominance Graph: An Efficient Framework for Answering Continuous Top- \(k\) Dominating Queries.
Performance Analysis of R*-Trees with Arbitrary Node Extents .
Protecting Location Privacy against Location-Dependent Attacks in Mobile Services.
Efficient Structured Learning for Personalized Diversification.
Foreword.
Computing Semantic Similarity of Concepts in Knowledge Graphs.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Semantic Issues of Multimedia Systems.
WhiteWater: Distributed Processing of Fast Streams.
View Operations on Objects with Roles for a Statically Typed Database Language.
Mining Ontology for Automatically Acquiring Web User Information Needs.
Induction By Attribute Elimination.
Crawling Hidden Objects with kNN Queries.
Mining Probabilistically Frequent Sequential Patterns in Large Uncertain Databases.
Declustering and Load-Balancing Methods for Parallelizing Geographic Information Systems.
A Comparative Study of Various Nested Normal Forms.
A General Framework of Time-Variant Bandwidth Allocation in the Data Broadcasting Environment.
CoCITe - Coordinating Changes in Text.
A Semantic Framework of the Multilevel Secure Relational Model.
On the Reliability of AI Planning Software in Real-Time Applications.
Sample Weighting: An Inherent Approach for Outlier Suppressing Discriminant Analysis.
Learning Bregman Distance Functions for Semi-Supervised Clustering.
Hiding Sensitive Association Rules with Limited Side Effects.
A Statistical Language Modeling Approach to Online Deception Detection.
A Novel Profit Maximizing Metric for Measuring Classification Performance of Customer Churn Prediction Models.
A Source-to-Source Transformation for Increasing Rule-Based System Parallelism.
Bridging the Vocabulary Gap between Health Seekers and Healthcare Knowledge.
Online Mode Switch Algorithms for Maintaining Data Freshness in Dynamic Cyber-Physical Systems.
Exploring Application-Level Semantics for Data Compression.
Editorial.
Change-Point Detection in a Sequence of Bags-of-Data.
Evaluation of Range Queries With Predicates on Moving Objects.
Performance Evaluation of Rule Grouping on a Real-Time Expert System Architecture.
Principal Composite Kernel Feature Analysis: Data-Dependent Kernel Approach.
An Approach for Measuring Semantic Similarity between Words Using Multiple Information Sources.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining the Concise and Lossless Representation of High Utility Itemsets.
The Design and Implementation of the Ariel Active Database Rule System.
K Nearest Neighbour Joins for Big Data on MapReduce: A Theoretical and Experimental Analysis.
A Unified Probabilistic Framework for Name Disambiguation in Digital Library.
Connecting Social Media to E-Commerce: Cold-Start Product Recommendation Using Microblogging Information.
Bounded Approximation: A New Criterion for Dimensionality Reduction Approximation in Similarity Search.
Discover Dependencies from Data - A Review.
Collaborative Online Multitask Learning.
DiSC: Benchmarking Secure Chip DBMS.
Data Categorization Using Decision Trellises.
An Evaluation of Model-Based Approaches to Sensor Data Compression.
Large Graph Analysis in the GMine System.
A Robust, Distortion Minimizing Technique for Watermarking Relational Databases Using Once-for-All Usability Constraints.
Rough Sets, Kernel Set, and Spatiotemporal Outlier Detection.
Editorial.
Incremental Evaluation of Sliding-Window Queries over Data Streams.
Subscriber Assignment for Wide-Area Content-Based Publish/Subscribe.
Knowledge Reuse Enhancement with Motional Visual Representation.
Online Subgraph Skyline Analysis over Knowledge Graphs.
Constrained Dimensionality Reduction Using a Mixed-Norm Penalty Function with Neural Networks.
Extending Association Rule Summarization Techniques to Assess Risk of Diabetes Mellitus.
A Multistep Approach for Shape Similarity Search in Image Databases.
Critics for Knowledge-Based Design Systems.
Discriminative Nonnegative Spectral Clustering with Out-of-Sample Extension.
Hierarchical Encoded Path Views for Path Query Processing: An Optimal Model and Its Performance Evaluation.
Cutting Plane Training for Linear Support Vector Machines.
Adaptive Prefetching and Storage Reorganization In A Log-Structured Storage System.
Pooling for Combination of Multilevel Forecasts.
Finding Interesting Associations without Support Pruning.
Probabilistic Topic Models for Learning Terminological Ontologies.
Mining Partially-Ordered Sequential Rules Common to Multiple Sequences.
A Non-Two Phase Locking Protocol for Global Concurrency Control in Distributed Heterogeneous Database Systems.
The BoND-Tree: An Efficient Indexing Method for Box Queries in Nonordered Discrete Data Spaces.
Adaptive Database Schema Design for Multi-Tenant Data Management.
Optimal Data Placement on Disks: A Comprehensive Solution for Different Technologies.
Reconciling Point-Based and Interval-Based Semantics in Temporal Relational Databases: A Treatment of the Telic/Atelic Distinction.
Prototyping Bubba, A Highly Parallel Database System.
The Google Similarity Distance.
Erratum to "Mining Distinction and Commonality across Multiple Domains Using Generative Model for Text Classification".
Unified Integration of Explicit Knowledge and Learning by Example in Recurrent Networks.
Editors' Comments.
A Persistent Store for Large Shared Knowledge Bases.
Multiclass Query Scheduling in Real-Time Database Systems.
A Fuzzy-Set-Based Reconstructed Phase Space Method for Idenitification of Temporal Patterns in Complex Time Series.
Cross-Language Learning from Bots and Users to Detect Vandalism on Wikipedia.
Boosting an Associative Classifier.
Implementing Temporal Integrity Constraints Using an Active DBMS.
Representation and Processing of Structures with Binary Sparse Distributed Codes.
Adaptive Leases: A Strong Consistency Mechanism for the World Wide Web.
Histogram-Based Global Load Balancing in Structured Peer-to-Peer Systems.
On the Design and Analysis of the Privacy-Preserving SVM Classifier.
On Rival Penalization Controlled Competitive Learning for Clustering with Automatic Cluster Number Selection.
Probe Minimization by Schedule Optimization: Supporting Top-K Queries with Expensive Predicates.
MAFIA: A Maximal Frequent Itemset Algorithm.
The Efficacy of Commutativity-Based Semantic Locking in a Real-World Application.
Feature Selection Based on Class-Dependent Densities for High-Dimensional Binary Data.
Parallel Knowledge Processing in SNAP.
An Event Calculus for Event Recognition.
Effectively Indexing the Multidimensional Uncertain Objects.
Identity Protection in Sequential Releases of Dynamic Networks.
Recurring and Novel Class Detection Using Class-Based Ensemble for Evolving Data Stream.
A Set of Complexity Measures Designed for Applying Meta-Learning to Instance Selection.
Duplicate-Insensitive Order Statistics Computation over Data Streams.
The Starburst Active Database Rule System.
A Joinless Approach for Mining Spatial Colocation Patterns.
Training Cost-Sensitive Neural Networks with Methods Addressing the Class Imbalance Problem.
On the Feasibility of Distributed Kernel Regression for Big Data.
Efficient Disk-Based K-Means Clustering for Relational Databases.
Disease Inference from Health-Related Questions via Sparse Deep Learning.
Optimization of Materialization Strategies for Derived Data Elements.
Improving Security and Efficiency in Attribute-Based Data Sharing.
An Improved Algorithm for the Incremental Recomputation of Active Relational Expressions.
Query Languages for Sequence Databases: Termination and Complexity.
EIC Editorial.
The Role of Polymorphism in Schema Evolution in an Object-Oriented Database.
Integrated Oversampling for Imbalanced Time Series Classification.
A Data Envelopment Analysis-Based Approach for Data Preprocessing.
Hierarchically Distributed Peer-to-Peer Document Clustering and Cluster Summarization.
The Knowledge Acquisition and Representation Language KARL.
EIC Editorial: 2007 TKDE Editorial Board Changes.
An Efficient Certificateless Encryption for Secure Data Sharing in Public Clouds.
Distributed Suffix Tree Overlay for Peer-to-Peer Search.
SPIRE: Efficient Data Inference and Compression over RFID Streams.
Relational-Linear Quadtree Approach for Two-Dimensional Spatial Representation and Manipulation.
Visual Classification by &#8467;<sub>1</sub>-Hypergraph Modeling.
Inferring Statistically Significant Hidden Markov Models.
Kernel Discriminant Learning for Ordinal Regression.
Automatic Fuzzy Ontology Generation for Semantic Web.
A Genetic Programming Approach to Record Deduplication.
The Effect of Index Partitioning Schemes on the Performance of Distributed Query Processing.
IPSS: A Hybrid Approach to Planning and Scheduling Integration.
Mapping Datalog Program Execution to Networks of Procesors.
Unsupervised Ranking of Multi-Attribute Objects Based on Principal Curves.
Checking Chase Termination: Cyclicity Analysis and Rewriting Techniques.
NeC4.5: Neural Ensemble Based C4.5.
Performance of B+-Trees with Partial Expansions.
Authorization and Revocation in Object-Oriented Databases.
Are Data Sets Like Documents?: Evaluating Similarity-Based Ranked Search over Scientific Data.
Fractal-Based Intrinsic Dimension Estimation and Its Application in Dimensionality Reduction.
Complexity Measures for Rule-Based Programs.
An Adaptive Access Method for Broadcast Data under an Error-Prone Mobile Environment.
Modeling and Solving Distributed Configuration Problems: A CSP-Based Approach.
Foundations of Secure Deductive Databases.
Discovering Frequent Graph Patterns Using Disjoint Paths.
Classification and Novel Class Detection in Concept-Drifting Data Streams under Time Constraints.
Privacy-Preserving Multi-Keyword Search in Information Networks.
Two Fully Distributed Concurrency Control Algorithms.
An Approach of Implementing General Learning Companions for Problem Solving.
Efficient Biased Sampling for Approximate Clustering and Outlier Detection in Large Data Sets.
Constraint Analysis: A Design Process for Specifying Operations on Objects.
Efficient Multidimensional Fuzzy Search for Personal Information Management Systems.
Statistical Relational Databases: Normal Forms.
The Distributed Constraint Satisfaction Problem: Formalization and Algorithms.
Mobile Agents for World Wide Web Distributed Database Access.
Finding Probabilistic Prevalent Colocations in Spatially Uncertain Data Sets.
Evaluating Variable-Length Markov Chain Models for Analysis of User Web Navigation Sessions.
Guest Editors' Introduction - Papers from ICDE 1999.
A Supermodularity-Based Differential Privacy Preserving Algorithm for Data Anonymization.
Open Smart Classroom: Extensible and Scalable Learning System in Smart Space Using Web Service Technology.
On Agent-Mediated Electronic Commerce.
Using Ranked Nodes to Model Qualitative Judgments in Bayesian Networks.
Understanding Short Texts through Semantic Enrichment and Hashing.
Replica Placement Algorithms for Mobile Transaction Systems.
Toward Optimal Feature Selection in Naive Bayes for Text Categorization.
Toward the Next Generation of Recommender Systems: A Survey of the State-of-the-Art and Possible Extensions.
Transaction Repair for Integrity Enforcement.
Spatio-Temporal Predicates.
PINOCCHIO: Probabilistic Influence-Based Location Selection over Moving Objects.
Estimating and Enhancing Real-Time Data Service Delays: Control-Theoretic Approaches.
Establishing the Relevancy of the Bookkeeping Libraries to the Functional Testing of Computer Implementations.
ConClass: A Framework for Real-Time Distributed Knowledge-Based Processing.
Identifying Features in Opinion Mining via Intrinsic and Extrinsic Domain Relevance.
Correction to 'Automating Statistics Management for Query Optimizers'.
Range-Based Skyline Queries in Mobile Environments.
A Method for Estimating the Precision of Placename Matching.
Quantitative Inference by Qualitative Semantic Knowledge Mining with Bayesian Model Averaging.
Active Learning of Constraints for Semi-Supervised Clustering.
Assessing Box Office Performance Using Movie Scripts: A Kernel-Based Approach.
Discriminative Feature Selection by Nonparametric Bayes Error Minimization.
Dynamic In-Page Logging for B&#8314;-tree Index.
Quality of Service Guarantee for Temporal Consistency of Real-Time Transactions.
RQL: A Recursive Query Language.
On Data Labeling for Clustering Categorical Data.
Exploiting Spatial Indexes for Semijoin-Based Join Processing in Distributed Spatial Databases.
Efficient Algorithms for Temporal Path Computation.
Data Structure for Association Rule Mining: T-Trees and P-Trees.
Top- \(k\) Approximate Answers to XPath Queries with Negation.
Fast Recognition of Musical Genres Using RBF Networks.
Similarity Measure Selection for Clustering Time Series Databases.
Modeling Image Data for Effective Indexing and Retrieval in Large General Image Databases.
Scalable Parallel Data Mining for Association Rules.
Effectively Finding Relevant Web Pages from Linkage Information.
Knowledge Conceptualization Tool.
Implication and Referential Constraints: A New Formal Reasoning.
Adaptive Processing for Distributed Skyline Queries over Uncertain Data.
A Universal Relation Data Model with Semantic Abstraction.
Initialization and Restart in Stochastic Local Search: Computing a Most Probable Explanation in Bayesian Networks.
Set Restrictions for Semantic Groupings.
Preventing Private Information Inference Attacks on Social Networks.
A Semi-NMF-PCA Unified Framework for Data Clustering.
A Formal Framework for Prefetching Based on the Type-Level Access Pattern in Object-Relational DBMSs.
Building Hypertext Links By Computing Semantic Similarity.
View Adaptation in the Fragment-Based Approach.
Secure Provenance Transmission for Streaming Data.
Hybrid Knowledge Bases.
Similarity Group-by Operators for Multi-Dimensional Relational Data.
An Optimization Algorithm for Production Systems.
ClusterTree: Integration of Cluster Representation and Nearest-Neighbor Search for Large Data Sets with High Dimensions.
Guest Editors Introduction: Special Section on Keyword Search on Structured Data.
Mining Online Reviews for Predicting Sales Performance: A Case Study in the Movie Domain.
Probabilistic Aspect Mining Model for Drug Reviews.
Merlin: Exploratory Analysis with Imprecise Queries.
Creating Evolving User Behavior Profiles Automatically.
An Efficient Concept-Based Mining Model for Enhancing Text Clustering.
Managing Frequent Updates in R-Trees for Update-Intensive Applications.
Introducing the New AEs.
Large-Scale Personalized Human Activity Recognition Using Online Multitask Learning.
Integrating Calendar Dates and Qualitative Temporal Constraints in the Treatment of Periodic Events.
Learning Proximity Relations for Feature Selection.
Flexible Robust Programming in Distributed Object Systems.
Indexing Spatio-Temporal Trajectories with Efficient Polynomial Approximations.
Clearing Contamination in Large Networks.
SociaLite: An Efficient Graph Query Language Based on Datalog.
Coupling Logical Analysis of Data and Shadow Clustering for Partially Defined Positive Boolean Function Reconstruction.
Top-Down XML Keyword Query Processing.
Scalable Daily Human Behavioral Pattern Mining from Multivariate Temporal Data.
Learning Transformation Rules for Semantic Query Optimization: A Data-Driven Approach.
A Review on Multi-Label Learning Algorithms.
Network Engineering for Agile Belief Network Models.
Virtual Images for Similarity Retrieval in Image Databases.
Projective Distribution of XQuery with Updates.
Optimal Distribution of Signatures in Signature Hashing.
Starburst Mid-Flight: As the Dust Clears.
Atlas: A Nested Relational Database System for Text Applications.
Clustering over Multiple Evolving Streams by Events and Correlations.
FLEX: A Tolerant and Cooperative User Interface to Databases.
A Survey of Discretization Techniques: Taxonomy and Empirical Analysis in Supervised Learning.
A Threshold-Based Algorithm for Continuous Monitoring of k Nearest Neighbors.
Haar Wavelets for Efficient Similarity Search of Time-Series: With and Without Time Warping.
On Consistent Reading of Entire Databases.
Semantics-Preserving Dimensionality Reduction: Rough and Fuzzy-Rough-Based Approaches.
Translating Relational Queries into Spreadsheets.
A Formal Characterization of Epsilon Serializability.
On Modeling Cost Functions for Object-Oriented Databases.
Discovery of Inexact Concepts from Structural Data.
Extending SQL with Generalized Transitive Closure Functionality.
Extending Conditional Dependencies with Built-in Predicates.
Spatiotemporal aggregate computation: a survey.
Ontology Matching: State of the Art and Future Challenges.
WVTDB - A Semantic Content-Based Video Database System on the World Wide Web.
Parallel Rule Firing in Production Systems.
A Generic Local Algorithm for Mining Data Streams in Large Distributed Systems.
An Approach to Active Spatial Data Mining Based on Statistical Information.
Materialization.
Image Representations and Feature Selection for Multimedia Database Search.
A Fourier Spectrum-Based Approach to Represent Decision Trees for Mining Data Streams in Mobile Environments.
A Graph-Based Framework for Multiparadigmatic Visual Access to Databases.
Orthogonal Decision Trees.
Managing Multidimensional Historical Aggregate Data in Unstructured P2P Networks.
An Efficient Web Page Change Detection System Based on an Optimized Hungarian Algorithm.
Toward Scalable Indexing for Top-k Queries.
Exploring Hierarchies in Online Social Networks.
Returning Clustered Results for Keyword Search on XML Documents.
Distributed Autonomous Online Learning: Regrets and Intrinsic Privacy-Preserving Properties.
Predictive Handling of Asynchronous Concept Drifts in Distributed Environments.
An Emprirical Study of Domain Knowledge and Its Benefits to Substructure Discovery.
KDX: An Indexer for Support Vector Machines.
Learning Similarity Matching in Multimedia Content-Based Retrieval.
Bagging with Adaptive Costs.
Schema Vacuuming in Temporal Databases.
Probabilistic Static Load-Balancing of Parallel Mining of Frequent Sequences.
On the Design of Distributed Object Placement and Load Balancing Strategies in Large-Scale Networked Multimedia Storage Systems.
Sharing Metainformation to Guide Cooperative Search Among Heterogeneous Reusable Agents.
The Development of Fuzzy Rough Sets with the Use of Structures and Algebras of Axiomatic Fuzzy Sets.
Overlapping Decomposition for Gaussian Graphical Modeling.
Hierarchical Clustering of Time-Series Data Streams.
A One-Phase Algorithm to Detect Distributed Deadlocks in Replicated Databases.
A Distance-Based Approach to Entity Reconciliation in Heterogeneous Databases.
A Conceptual Clustering Algorithm for Database Schema Design.
Automatic Generation of the Domain Module from Electronic Textbooks: Method and Validation.
Evaluation and Design of Online Cooperative Feedback Mechanisms for Reputation Management.
On Modularity Clustering.
Querying Distributed Spatial Datasets with Unknown Regions.
Association Algebra: A Mathematical Foundation for Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Answering of Why-Not Questions in Similar Graph Matching.
On the Deep Order-Preserving Submatrix Problem: A Best Effort Approach.
Model and Algorithm for Efficient Verification of High-Assurance Properties of Real-Time Systems.
Efficient Aggregation Algorithms for Compressed Data Warehouses.
Finding Top k Most Influential Spatial Facilities over Uncertain Objects.
Creating Domain Specific Metadata for Scientific and Knowledge Bases.
A Flexible Payment Scheme and Its Role-Based Access Control.
LARS*: An Efficient and Scalable Location-Aware Recommender System.
Breaking the Barrier to Transferring Link Information across Networks.
Optimal-Location-Selection Query Processing in Spatial Databases.
RankRC: Large-Scale Nonlinear Rare Class Ranking.
General Cost Models for Evaluating Dimensionality Reduction in High-Dimensional Spaces.
A Methodology for Direct and Indirect Discrimination Prevention in Data Mining.
A Distribution-Index-Based Discretizer for Decision-Making with Symbolic AI Approaches.
Approximate Aggregations in Structured P2P Networks.
Efficient Mining of Frequent Item Sets on Large Uncertain Databases.
Elecitation of Knowledge from Multiple Experts Using Network Inference.
Process Discovery Algorithms Using Numerical Abstract Domains.
Indexing Uncertain Data in General Metric Spaces.
Knowledge Acquisition Method Based on Singular Value Decomposition for Human Motion Analysis.
The Vagabond Approach to Logging and Recovery in Transaction-Time Temporal Object Database Systems.
Sync Classes: A Framework for Optimal Scheduling of Requests in Multimedia Storage Servers.
Laplacian Regularized Gaussian Mixture Model for Data Clustering.
A General Geographical Probabilistic Factor Model for Point of Interest Recommendation.
Design and Performance Evaluation Considerations of a Multimedia Medical Database.
Providing Flexible Process Support to Project-Centered Learning.
A Decision Model for Choosing the Optimal Level of Storage in Temporal Databases.
Efficient Scheduling of Page Access in Index-Based Join Processing.
A Unified Log-Based Relevance Feedback Scheme for Image Retrieval.
State Monitoring in Cloud Datacenters.
SPIRIT: A Tree Kernel-Based Method for Topic Person Interaction Detection.
Artificial Intelligence: Where Has It Been, Where is it Going?
Description Logics in Data Management.
Influential Rule Search Scheme (IRSS)-A New Fuzzy Pattern Classifier.
Pattern-Aided Regression Modeling and Prediction Model Analysis.
Cold-Start Recommendation with Provable Guarantees: A Decoupled Approach.
Bridging Causal Relevance and Pattern Discriminability: Mining Emerging Patterns from High-Dimensional Data.
Querying Imprecise Data in Moving Object Environments.
Generating Compact Redundancy-Free XML Documents from Conceptual-Model Hypergraphs.
Optimizing Queries with Foreign Functions in a Distributed Environment.
Diverse Power Iteration Embeddings: Theory and Practice.
Induction of Meta-knowledge about Knowledge Discovery.
Automating Knowledge Acquisition: A Propositional Approach to Representing Expertise as an Alternative to Repertory Grid Technique.
TFP: An Efficient Algorithm for Mining Top-K Frequent Closed Itemsets.
Nonmonotonic Reasoning as Prioritized Argumentation.
"Missing Is Useful': Missing Values in Cost-Sensitive Decision Trees.
A New Approach to Online Generation of Association Rules.
Formal Foundations for Object-Oriented Data Modeling.
Integration and Efficient Lookup of Compressed XML Accessibility Maps.
Fuzzy Metagraph and Its Combination with the Indexing Approach in Rule-Based Systems.
Mining Interaction Patterns among Brain Regions by Clustering.
Microblogging Content Propagation Modeling Using Topic-Specific Behavioral Factors.
A Hierarchical Tensor-Based Approach to Compressing, Updating and Querying Geospatial Data.
Reasoning in Inconsistent Knowledge Bases.
Performance Analysis of Affinity Clustering on Transaction Processing Coupling Architecture.
Scalable Filtering of Multiple Generalized-Tree-Pattern Queries over XML Streams.
A Web Search Engine-Based Approach to Measure Semantic Similarity between Words.
Knowledge Intensive Software Engineering Tools.
Listwise Learning to Rank by Exploring Structure of Objects.
Arbitration (or How to Merge Knowledge Bases).
Converting a Fuzzy Data Model to an Object-Oriented Design for Managing GIS Data Files.
What you Always Wanted to Know About Datalog (And Never Dared to Ask).
Generalized Dimension-Reduction Framework for Recent-Biased Time Series Analysis.
Materialization and Decomposition of Dataspaces for Efficient Search.
Authenticated Multistep Nearest Neighbor Search.
Multi-Core Processing of XML Twig Patterns.
Performance of a Finite-State Machine Implementation of Iterative Cluster Labeling on Desktop and Mobile Computing Platforms.
The Minimum Consistent Subset Cover Problem: A Minimization View of Data Mining.
Mining Low-Support Discriminative Patterns from Dense and High-Dimensional Data.
The Impact of Data Quality Information on Decision Making: An Exploratory Analysis.
Learning Phenotype Structure Using Sequence Model.
Practical Data Prediction for Real-World Wireless Sensor Networks.
Mining Semantically Consistent Patterns for Cross-View Data.
Effective Scheduling of Detached Rules in Active Databases.
Declarative Representations of Multiagent Systems.
Learning Heuristics for the Superblock Instruction Scheduling Problem.
Evolutionary Optimization of File Assignment for a Large-Scale Video-on-Demand System.
Incremental Consolidation of Data-Intensive Multi-Flows.
Compile-Time and Runtime Analysis of Active Behaviors.
Introducing the New Editor-in-Chief of the IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering.
Redundancy Detection in Semistructured Case Bases.
Current Approaches to Handling Imperfect Information in Data and Knowledge Bases.
Discrete Elastic Inner Vector Spaces with Application to Time Series and Sequence Mining.
Join of Multiple Data Streams in Sensor Networks.
Efficient Evaluation of Continuous Text Search Queries.
Using a Hash-Based Method with Transaction Trimming for Mining Association Rules.
Large-Scale Pattern Search Using Reduced-Space On-Disk Suffix Arrays.
Hyperlog: A Graph-Based System for Database Browsing, Querying, and Update.
Efficient Top-k Approximate Subtree Matching in Small Memory.
Automating Statistics Management for Query Optimizers.
The Effect of Knowledge Representation Schemes on Maintainability of Knowledge-Based Systems.
A Pipeline N-way Join Algorithm Based on the 2-way Semijoin Program.
The CoQUOS Approach to Continuous Queries in Unstructured Overlays.
Finding Causality and Responsibility for Probabilistic Reverse Skyline Query Non-Answers.
Modeling Causal Reinforcement and Undermining for Efficient CPT Elicitation.
A Nonblocking Transaction Data Flow Graph Based Protocol For Replicated Databases.
Responsibility Analysis for Lineagesof Conjunctive Queries with Inequalities.
Improving Activity Recognitionby Segmental Pattern Mining.
Concurrency Control in B-Trees with Batch Updates.
Guest Editor's Introduction to the Special Issue on Web Technologies.
Discovering and Explaining Abnormal Nodes in Semantic Graphs.
Clustering Data Streams Based on Shared Density between Micro-Clusters.
Optimizing Sort Order Query Execution in Balanced and Nested Grid Files.
QueRIE: Collaborative Database Exploration.
A Unified Framework for Epidemic Prediction based on Poisson Regression.
On the Graph Traversal and Linear Binary-Chain Programs.
Power-Efficient Access-Point Selection for Indoor Location Estimation.
WISE: A World Wide Web Resource Database System.
Temporal Entity-Relationship Models - A Survey.
Towards Effective Bug Triage with Software Data Reduction Techniques.
Image Content-Based Retrieval Using Chromaticity Moments.
Generalization Capabilities of Subtle Image Pattern Classifiers.
Approximate Distributed K-Means Clustering over a Peer-to-Peer Network.
Prolog/Rex - A Way to Extend Prolog for Better Knowledge Representation.
Recursive Stratified Sampling: A New Framework for Query Evaluation on Uncertain Graphs.
Lanczos Vectors versus Singular Vectors for Effective Dimension Reduction.
ThetaR-String: A Geometry-Based Representation for Efficient and Effective Retrieval of Images by Spatial Similarity.
Estimating the Helpfulness and Economic Impact of Product Reviews: Mining Text and Reviewer Characteristics.
Distance-Aware Join for Indoor Moving Objects.
Semantic Ideation Learning for Agent-Based E-Brainstorming.
Nonlinear Dimension Reduction with Kernel Sliced Inverse Regression.
Instinct-Based Mating in Genetic Algorithms Applied to the Tuning of 1-NN Classifiers.
A Semiautomatic Method for Assigning Elevation in Contour Maps.
Nearly Periodic Facts in Temporal Relational Databases.
Evaluating Wiki Collaborative Features in Ontology Authoring.
Discovery of Path Nearby Clusters in Spatial Networks.
Towards Bayesian Deep Learning: A Framework and Some Existing Methods.
Selective and Authentic Third-Party Distribution of XML Documents.
Personalizing Web Directories with the Aid of Web Usage Data.
A Generic Library of Problem Solving Methods for Scheduling Applications.
A General Model for Sequential Pattern Mining with a Progressive Database.
Domain-Driven Data Synopses for Dynamic Quantiles.
Validation of an Automated System Model Generator.
A Graph-Based Consensus Maximization Approach for Combining Multiple Supervised and Unsupervised Models.
Semantic Abstractions in the Multimedia Domain.
Fast and Memory Efficient Mining of Frequent Closed Itemsets.
Efficient Ranking on Entity Graphswith Personalized Relationships.
Database Design Principles for Placement of Delay-Sensitive Data on Disks.
A Fuzzy Self-Constructing Feature Clustering Algorithm for Text Classification.
Indexing Evolving Events from Tweet Streams.
A New Temporal Pattern Identification Method for Characterization and Prediction of Complex Time Series Events.
Extracting Actionable Knowledge from Decision Trees.
Continual Queries for Internet Scale Event-Driven Information Delivery.
Distributed Nearest Neighbor-Based Condensation of Very Large Data Sets.
Optimization of Rule-Based Systems Using State Space Graphs.
CommTrust: Computing Multi-Dimensional Trust by Mining E-Commerce Feedback Comments.
On Skyline Groups.
Document Clustering in Correlation Similarity Measure Space.
Event Tracking for Real-Time Unaware Sensitivity Analysis (EventTracker).
Time-Aware Web Users' Clustering.
Towards Benchmarks for Knowledge Systems and Their Implications for Data Engineering.
Probabilistic Range Query over Uncertain Moving Objects in Constrained Two-Dimensional Space.
Non-Redundant 2D Strings.
Quasi-Acyclic Propositional Horn Knowledge Bases: Optimal Compression.
Efficient Recovery of Missing Events.
Database Reorganization in Parallel Disk Arrays with I/O Service Stealing.
Using Predeclaration for Efficient Read-Only Transaction Processing in Wireless Data Broadcast.
EIC Editorial: State of the Transactions.
Classification and Compilation of Linear Recursive Queries in Deductive Databases.
semQA: SPARQL with Idempotent Disjunction.
Discovering Frequent Agreement Subtrees from Phylogenetic Data.
Probabilistic Knowledge Bases.
Hierarchical Growing Cell Structures: TreeGCS.
Temporal Data Management.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Mining and Searching the Web.
Mining Associations with the Collective Strength Approach.
Comments on ``Extensions to SQL for Historical Databases''.
Effective and Efficient Clustering Methods for Correlated Probabilistic Graphs.
Automatic Semantic Content Extraction in Videos Using a Fuzzy Ontology and Rule-Based Model.
Efficient Similarity Join over Multiple Stream Time Series.
Object-Orientated Design of Digital Library Platforms for Multiagent Environments.
Security Evaluation of PatternClassifiers under Attack.
Classification Using Streaming Random Forests.
Online Feature Selection and Its Applications.
Clustering-Guided Sparse Structural Learning for Unsupervised Feature Selection.
Multi-Aspect + Transitivity + Bias: An Integral Trust Inference Model.
Bayesian Multi-Task Relationship Learning with Link Structure.
Co-ClusterD: A Distributed Framework for Data Co-Clustering with Sequential Updates.
A New Dynamic Voting Algorithm for Distributed Database Systems.
Subontology-Based Resource Management for Web-Based e-Learning.
Efficient Reordering of Prolog Programs.
Evaluation of Hierarchical Interestingness Measures for Mining Pairwise Generalized Association Rules.
Network Similarity Decomposition (NSD): A Fast and Scalable Approach to Network Alignment.
Optimization of Linear Recursive Queries in SQL.
Discovery of Ranking Fraud for Mobile Apps.
Rough-Fuzzy C-Medoids Algorithm and Selection of Bio-Basis for Amino Acid Sequence Analysis.
Aspect-Level Influence Discovery from Graphs.
Algebraic Identities and Query Optimization in a Parametric Model for Relational Temporal Databases.
Visual Role Mining: A Picture Is Worth a Thousand Roles.
Scalable Constrained Spectral Clustering.
Reliability of Answers to Queries in Relational Databases.
Learning with Positive and Unlabeled Examples Using Topic-Sensitive PLSA.
Quasi-SLCA Based Keyword QueryProcessing over Probabilistic XML Data.
A Database Approach for Modeling and Querying Video Data.
Guest Editor's Introduction: Research Surveys on Building Systems with Knowledge and Data Engineering Techniques.
Efficient Attribute-Oriented Generalization for Knowledge Discovery from Large Databases.
Composite Retrieval of Diverse and Complementary Bundles.
Tweet Analysis for Real-Time Event Detection and Earthquake Reporting System Development.
Answering General Time-Sensitive Queries.
Structured Learning from Heterogeneous Behavior for Social Identity Linkage.
Semantic Query Optimization for Query Plans of Heterogeneous Multidatabase Systems.
OSAM*.KBMS/P: A Parallel, Active, Object-Oriented Knowledge Base Server.
Document Processing for Automatic Knowledge Acquisition.
Pay-As-You-Go Entity Resolution.
Profiling Moving Objects by Dividing and Clustering Trajectories Spatiotemporally.
On Transaction Boundaries in Active Databases: A Performance Perspective.
Specifying Mining Algorithms with Iterative User-Defined Aggregates.
Visible Reverse k-Nearest Neighbor Query Processing in Spatial Databases.
Pattern Discovery on Australian Medical Claims Data-A Systematic Approach.
Dynamic Load Balancing in Multicomputer Database Systems Using Partition Tuning.
Input Variable Selection: Mutual Information and Linear Mixing Measures.
Building Confidential and Efficient Query Services in the Cloud with RASP Data Perturbation.
Queries on Change in an Extended Relational Model.
Nonmonotonic Logic Programming.
Heterogeneous Environment Aware Streaming Graph Partitioning.
Aggregating and Disaggregating Flexibility Objects.
Temporal Association Algebra: A Mathematical Foundation for Processing Object-Oriented Temporal Databases.
Context-Aware Hypergraph Construction for Robust Spectral Clustering.
A Space-and-Time-Efficient Codeing Algorithm for Lattice Computations.
Principled Graph Matching Algorithms for Integrating Multiple Data Sources.
High-Level Petri Net Model of Logic Program with Negation.
Algorithms for Searching Massive Graphs.
Using One-Class and Two-Class SVMs for Multiclass Image Annotation.
Robust Median Reversion Strategy for Online Portfolio Selection.
Structural Diversity for Resisting Community Identification in Published Social Networks.
A Prefix-Filter based Method for Spatio-Textual Similarity Join.
CoFiDS: A Belief-Theoretic Approach for Automated Collaborative Filtering.
Web People Search via Connection Analysis.
Volcano - An Extensible and Parallel Query Evaluation System.
Electronic "How Things Work" Articles: Two Early Prototypes.
Optimization Techniques for Reactive Network Monitoring.
Manager Associate.
Pattern Discovery of Fuzzy Time Series for Financial Prediction.
Backward Path Growth for Efficient Mobile Sequential Recommendation.
CDAMA: Concealed Data Aggregation Scheme for Multiple Applications in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Differentially Private Frequent Itemset Mining via Transaction Splitting.
Correctness Criteria for Multilevel Secure Transactions.
A Framework for Enabling User Preference Profiling through Wi-Fi Logs.
Architecture of the ORION Next-Generation Database System.
Storing and Indexing Spatial Data in P2P Systems.
Using Hashtag Graph-Based Topic Model to Connect Semantically-Related Words Without Co-Occurrence in Microblogs.
SERIMI: Class-Based Matching for Instance Matching Across Heterogeneous Datasets.
Information Source Tracking Method: Efficiency Issues
Local Reasoning and Knowledge Compilation for Efficient Temporal Abduction.
Scalable and Parallel Boosting with MapReduce.
An Air Index for Spatial Query Processing in Road Networks.
A Structured Approach for Cooperative Query Answering.
Security of Chien's Efficient Time-Bound Hierarchical Key Assignment Scheme.
On Robustness of B-Trees.
Unsupervised Multiway Data Analysis: A Literature Survey.
Topological Transformation Approaches to Database Query Processing.
A Framework for Analysis of Data Quality Research.
Design of LDV: A Multilevel Secure Relational Database Management System.
A Comprehensive Analytical Performance Model for Disk Devices under Random Workloads.
Ensemble Rough Hypercuboid Approach for Classifying Cancers.
A Scalable Approach for Content-Based Image Retrieval in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Scalable Online Betweenness Centrality in Evolving Graphs.
Mobile Computing and Databases - A Survey.
Computing Spatial Distance Histograms for Large Scientific Data Sets On-the-Fly.
Dynamically Negotiated Resource Management for Data Intensive Application Suites.
Data Management Issues and Trade-Offs in CSCW Systems.
Efficient C4.5.
Navigational Accesses in a Temporal Object Model.
Efficient Global Optimization for Image Registration.
Case-Based Reasoning Systems: From Automation to Decision-Aiding and Simulation.
Rewriting Queries Using Views.
Efficient Routing of Subspace Skyline Queries over Highly Distributed Data.
Adaptive Clustering for Multiple Evolving Streams.
On the Influence Propagation of Web Videos.
Use of Contextaul Information for Feature Ranking and Discretization.
Clustering Sentence-Level Text Using a Novel Fuzzy Relational Clustering Algorithm.
ZYX-A Multimedia Document Model for Reuse and Adaptation of Multimedia Content.
TW-$(k)$-Means: Automated Two-Level Variable Weighting Clustering Algorithm for Multiview Data.
Optimizing Large Join Queries Using A Graph-Based Approach.
CMiner: Opinion Extraction and Summarization for Chinese Microblogs.
Access Structures for Angular Similarity Queries.
An Efficient Approach for Outlier Detection with Imperfect Data Labels.
Scalable Recommendation with Social Contextual Information.
Constrained Skyline Query Processing against Distributed Data Sites.
Fuzzy Database Query Languages and Their Relational Completeness Theorem.
A Comprehensive Approach to 'Now' in Temporal Relational Databases: Semantics and Representation.
TACI: Taxonomy-Aware Catalog Integration.
The Skyline of a Probabilistic Relation.
Improving Accuracy and Robustness of Self-Tuning Histograms by Subspace Clustering.
InterBase-KB: Integrating a Knowledge Base System with a Multidatabase System for Data Warehousing.
Professor Ramamoorthy: A Personal Introduction.
Efficient Semi-Supervised Feature Selection: Constraint, Relevance, and Redundancy.
Using Semantic Web Technologies for Exploratory OLAP: A Survey.
ANGEL: Enhancing the Utility of Generalization for Privacy Preserving Publication.
Scalable Classification of Repetitive Time Series Through Frequencies of Local Polynomials.
Mining Loosely Structured Motifs from Biological Data.
Maintaining Temporal Consistency: Pessimistic vs. Optimitic Concurrency Control.
A Visual Information Management System for the Interactive Retrieval of Faces.
The Cyclic Model Analysis on Sequential Patterns.
Some Effective Techniques for Naive Bayes Text Classification.
Multiple Prefetch Adaptive Disk Caching.
The Partitioned Synchronization Rule for Planar Extendible Partial Orders.
Real-Time Index Concurrency Control.
Robust Model-Based Learning via Spatial-EM Algorithm.
ViDE: A Vision-Based Approach for Deep Web Data Extraction.
Parallel Mining of Association Rules.
Adding Temporal Constraints to XML Schema.
Transparent Decision Support Using Statistical Reasoning and Fuzzy Inference.
A Framework of Fuzzy Diagnosis.
Reverse Nearest Neighbor Search in Metric Spaces.
Reverse Keyword Search for Spatio-Textual Top-$k$ Queries in Location-Based Services.
HEigen: Spectral Analysis for Billion-Scale Graphs.
Survey: Functional Module Detection from Protein-Protein Interaction Networks.
Enabling Concept-Based Relevance Feedback for Information Retrieval on the WWW.
Metric All-k-Nearest-Neighbor Search.
Explaining Missing Answers to Top-k SQL Queries.
High Dimensional Similarity Joins: Algorithms and Performance Evaluation.
Semi-Supervised Nonlinear Hashing Using Bootstrap Sequential Projection Learning.
Load Sharing in Distributed Multimedia-on-Demand Systems.
Performance Analysis of Long-Lived Transaction Processing Systems with Rollbacks and Aborts.
A New Architecture for Integration of CORBA and OODB.
Classification and Retrieval of Knowledge on Parallel Marker Passing Architecture.
Multistrategy Ensemble Learning: Reducing Error by Combining Ensemble Learning Techniques.
Triadic Closure Pattern Analysis and Prediction in Social Networks.
Maximizing a Record's Standing in a Relation.
Efficient Dissemination of Transaction-Consistent Data in Broadcast Environments.
Fuzzy Web Data Tables Integration Guided by an Ontological and Terminological Resource.
A Framework for Product Data.
Controlling FD and MVD Inferences in Multilevel Relational Database Systems.
Knowledge Discovery in Services (KDS): Aggregating Software Services to Discover Enterprise Mashups.
Association and Content-Based Retrieval.
Distributed In-Memory Processing of All k Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Influence Spreading Path and Its Application to the Time Constrained Social Influence Maximization Problem and Beyond.
A Tree-Based Forward Digest Protocol to Verify Data Integrity in Distributed Media Streaming.
A Unified Probabilistic Framework for Web Page Scoring Systems.
An Interactive Approach to Mining Gene Expression Data.
Efficiently Supporting Edit Distance Based String Similarity Search Using B $^+$-Trees.
Picture Similarity Retrieval Using 2D Projection Interval Representation.
Removing DUST Using Multiple Alignment of Sequences.
The Iris Architecture and Implementation.
Extracting Takagi-Sugeno Fuzzy Rules with Interpretable Submodels via Regularization of Linguistic Modifiers.
A Method for Mining Infrequent Causal Associations and Its Application in Finding Adverse Drug Reaction Signal Pairs.
Distributed View Divergence Control of Data Freshness in Replicated Database Systems.
PeerTrust: Supporting Reputation-Based Trust for Peer-to-Peer Electronic Communities.
Efficient Time-Bound Hierarchical Key Assignment Scheme.
GossipTrust for Fast Reputation Aggregation in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Mining Health Examination Records - A Graph-Based Approach.
The Threshold Algorithm: From Middleware Systems to the Relational Engine.
Scalable Scheduling of Updates in Streaming Data Warehouses.
Scheduling Transactions with Temporal Constraints: Exploiting Data Semantics.
Analytic Queries over Geospatial Time-Series Data Using Distributed Hash Tables.
Multicategory Crowdsourcing Accounting for Variable Task Difficulty, Worker Skill, and Worker Intention.
Using Personalization to Improve XML Retrieval.
Knowledge and Data Engineering.
Domain-Driven Classification Based on Multiple Criteria and Multiple Constraint-Level Programming for Intelligent Credit Scoring.
Evaluating the Generation of Domain Ontologies in the Knowledge Puzzle Project.
Description and Identification of Distributed Fragments of Recursive Relations.
Adaptive Broadcasting for Similarity Queries in Wireless Content Delivery Systems.
Measuring the Effects of Data Distribution Models on Performance Evaluation of Distributed Database Systems.
Labeling Dynamic XML Documents: An Order-Centric Approach.
Active Learning from Relative Comparisons.
Efficient Lazy Evaluation of Rule-Based Programs.
Conflict Resolution Using Logic Programming.
MDARTS: A Multiprocessor Database Architecture for Hard Real-Time Systems.
Some Remarks on the Paper "semQA: SPARQL with Idempotent Disjunction".
Graph-Based Approaches for Over-Sampling in the Context of Ordinal Regression.
SPEX: Streamed and Progressive Evaluation of XPath.
MILD: Multiple-Instance Learning via Disambiguation.
Route-Saver: Leveraging Route APIs for Accurate and Efficient Query Processing at Location-Based Services.
On Embedding Machine-Processable Semantics into Documents.
Using Incomplete Information for Complete Weight Annotation of Road Networks.
A Compensation-Based Approach for View Maintenance in Distributed Environments.
HAL: A Faster Match Algorithm.
Answering Pattern Queries Using Views.
Hash-Based and Index-Based Join Algorithms for Cube and Ring Connected Multicomputers.
Fast and Accurate Mining the Community Structure: Integrating Center Locating and Membership Optimization.
Privacy-Preserving Gradient-Descent Methods.
Exploring Sequential Probability Tree for Movement-Based Community Discovery.
Distributed and Reactive Query Planning in R-MAGIC: An Agent-Based Multimedia Retrieval System.
Near-Optimum Storage Models for Nested Relations Based on Workload Information.
Unsupervised Hybrid Feature Extraction Selection for High-Dimensional Non-Gaussian Data Clustering with Variational Inference.
Comprehensive Citation Index for Research Networks.
On Automated Lesson Construction from Electronic Textbooks.
A Rough Set-Based Method for Updating Decision Rules on Attribute Values' Coarsening and Refining.
Intensional Answers to Database Queries.
Enriching One Taxonomy Using Another.
Effective Navigation of Query Results Based on Concept Hierarchies.
Holistic Boolean-Twig Pattern Matching for Efficient XML Query Processing.
Applications of Abduction: Testing Very Long Qualitative Simulations.
Optimal Agreement Protocol in Malicious Faulty Processors and Faulty Links.
Safe Distribution and Parallel Execution of Data-Centric Workflows over the Publish/Subscribe Abstraction.
Web-Log Mining for Predictive Web Caching.
Online Seizure Prediction Using an Adaptive Learning Approach.
Determining $(k)$-Most Demanding Products with Maximum Expected Number of Total Customers.
Reducing the Loss of Information through Annealing Text Distortion.
Garbage Collection in a Distributed Object-Oriented System.
Sample Pair Selection for Attribute Reduction with Rough Set.
Efficient Core Maintenance in Large Dynamic Graphs.
Using Context to Improve Predictive Modeling of Customers in Personalization Applications.
Multitype Features Coselection for Web Document Clustering.
A Survey on Graphical Methods for Classification Predictive Performance Evaluation.
CRATS: An LDA-Based Model for Jointly Mining Latent Communities, Regions, Activities, Topics, and Sentiments from Geosocial Network Data.
Building a Multiple-Criteria Negotiation Support System.
Segmented Information Dispersal (SID) Data Layouts for Digital Video Servers.
Decentralized Assignment Reasoning Using Collaborative Local Mediation.
TrustedDB: A Trusted Hardware-Based Database with Privacy and Data Confidentiality.
Guest Editors' Introduction to the Special Issue on Secure Database Systems Technology.
A Low-Granularity Classifier for Data Streams with Concept Drifts and Biased Class Distribution.
NHOP: A Nested Associative Pattern for Analysis of Consensus Sequence Ensembles.
Evolutionary Constructive Induction.
Practical Algorithms and Lower Bounds for Similarity Search in Massive Graphs.
A Privacy-Preserving Remote Data Integrity Checking Protocol with Data Dynamics and Public Verifiability.
A Point Symmetry-Based Clustering Technique for Automatic Evolution of Clusters.
Addressing the Problems of Bayesian Network Classification of Video Using High-Dimensional Features.
Combining Tag and Value Similarity for Data Extraction and Alignment.
Managing Deadline Miss Ratio and Sensor Data Freshness in Real-Time Databases.
Practical Ensemble Classification Error Bounds for Different Operating Points.
A Fuzzy Reasoning Database Question Answering System.
Discovering Anomalies on Mixed-Type Data Using a Generalized Student- t Based Approach.
Fusing Monotonic Decision Trees.
Using Compiled Knowledge to Guide and Focus Abductive Diagnosis.
Finding Top-k Preferable Products.
Itemset Trees for Targeted Association Querying.
Generalized Analytic Rule Extraction for Feedforward Neural Networks.
Locating XML Documents in a Peer-to-Peer Network Using Distributed Hash Tables.
Robust Rule-Based Prediction.
A Discretization Algorithm Based on a Heterogeneity Criterion.
PRISMA/DB: A Parallel Main Memory Relational DBMS.
Dependability and Performance Measures for the Database Practitioner.
Incomplete Relational Database Models Based on Intervals.
A Note on Linear Time Algorithms for Maximum Error Histograms.
TEXT: Automatic Template Extraction from Heterogeneous Web Pages.
Managing Complex Documents Over the WWW: A Case Study for XML.
Security Constraints in a Multilevel Secure Distributed Database Management System.
Knowledge Discovery in Molecular Databases.
NEIWalk: Community Discovery in Dynamic Content-Based Networks.
Scaling Access to Heterogeneous Data Sources with DISCO.
Incremental Maintenance of Schema-Restructuring Views in SchemaSQL .
Efficient Filtering Algorithms for Location-Aware Publish/Subscribe.
Enabling Multilevel Trust in Privacy Preserving Data Mining.
Unsupervised Learning with Mixed Numeric and Nominal Data.
CAIM Discretization Algorithm.
U-Skyline: A New Skyline Query for Uncertain Databases.
Watermarking Relational Databases Using Optimization-Based Techniques.
A Logic Programming Framework for Modeling Temporal Objects.
A Methodology for Integration of Heterogeneous Databases.
The Gamma Matrix to Summarize Dense and Sparse Data Sets for Big Data Analytics.
Bias Correction in a Small Sample from Big Data.
Filtering Data Streams for Entity-Based Continuous Queries.
Learning Semi-Riemannian Metrics for Semisupervised Feature Extraction.
A Petri Net Model for Reasoning in the Presence of Inconsistency.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Top-K High Utility Itemsets.
An Extended Authorization Model for Relational Databases.
Discovering Frequent Episodes and Learning Hidden Markov Models: A Formal Connection.
Response Time Analysis of EQL Real-Time Rule-Based Systems.
Discovering Conservation Rules.
Monitoring High-Dimensional Data for Failure Detection and Localization in Large-Scale Computing Systems.
A Combined Method for Maintaining Large Indices in Multiprocessor Multidisk Environments.
Guest Editorial: Introduction to the Special Section.
In-Memory Big Data Management and Processing: A Survey.
R-MINI: An Iterative Approach for Generating Minimal Rules from Examples.
Editorial: Four Named to Join Editorial Board of IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering.
The Knowledge-Based Object-Oriented PICQUERY+ Language.
A Cumulative Belief Degree-Based Approach for Missing Values in Nuclear Safeguards Evaluation.
Symbolic User-Defined Periodicity in Temporal Relational Databases.
Fuzzy Sets Defined on a Hierarchical Domain.
Complex SQL Predicates as Quantifiers.
A Survey of Uncertain Data Algorithms and Applications.
An Evaluation of Vertical Class Partitioning for Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
A Framework for Learning Comprehensible Theories in XML Document Classification.
Class Noise Handling for Effective Cost-Sensitive Learning by Cost-Guided Iterative Classification Filtering.
Steganographic Schemes for File System and B-Tree.
Strategic Reasoning Under Trade-Offs Between Action Costs and Advantages.
Fast Nearest Neighbor Condensation for Large Data Sets Classification.
Transactions and Updates in Deductive Databases.
Peculiarity Oriented Multidatabase Mining.
Guest Editors' Introduction.
A Novel Framework for Online Amnesic Trajectory Compression in Resource-Constrained Environments.
Incremental and General Evaluation of Reverse Nearest Neighbors.
Unified Data Model for Representing Multimedia, Timeline, and Simulation Data.
PAXQuery: Efficient Parallel Processing of Complex XQuery.
A Knowledge Representation for Constraint Satisfaction Problems.
A Scalable P2P Platform for the Knowledge Grid.
Skyline Processing on Distributed Vertical Decompositions.
Energy Time Series Forecasting Based on Pattern Sequence Similarity.
Privacy: A Machine Learning View.
Evaluating Aggregate Operations Over Imprecise Data.
Data Management Challenges and Development for Military Information Systems.
Discovering Structural Association of Semistructured Data.
A Data Mining Algorithm for Generalized Web Prefetching.
Knowledge Representation in Fuzzy Logic.
Editorial [State of the Transactions].
A General Multi-Context Embedding Model for Mining Human Trajectory Data.
IR-Tree: An Efficient Index for Geographic Document Search.
Localization Site Prediction for Membrane Proteins by Integrating Rule and SVM Classification.
Adaptive Nonlinear Discriminant Analysis by Regularized Minimum Squared Errors.
Obtaining Coteries That Optimize the Availability of Replicated Databases.
Location Fingerprinting In A Decorrelated Space.
Chaotic Time Series Prediction Using a Neuro-Fuzzy System with Time-Delay Coordinates.
Data Mining for XML Query-Answering Support.
Linkable Ring Signature with Unconditional Anonymity.
Trip Planner Over Probabilistic Time-Dependent Road Networks.
Querying Uncertain Minimum in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Demand-Driven Caching in Multiuser Environment.
Node Immunization on Large Graphs: Theory and Algorithms.
Incremental Maintenance of Materialized Object-Oriented Views in MultiView: Strategies and Performance Evaluation.
Determining Process Model Precision and Generalization with Weighted Artificial Negative Events.
MESO: Supporting Online Decision Making in Autonomic Computing Systems.
Text Document Preprocessing with the Bayes Formula for Classification Using the Support Vector Machine.
A Knowledge Model For Unifying Deductive and Non-Deductive Heterogeneous Databases.
Clustering and Classification in Structured Data Domains Using Fuzzy Lattice Neurocomputing (FLN).
Subspace Similarity Search under L<sub>p</sub>-Norm.
Ranking and Suggesting Popular Items.
Privacy-Preserving and Content-Protecting Location Based Queries.
Efficient Range Query Processing in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Constructing Bayesian Networks for Medical Diagnosis from Incomplete and Partially Correct Statistics.
Mining Weakly Labeled Web Facial Images for Search-Based Face Annotation.
On Group Nearest Group Query Processing.
Guest Editors' Introduction to the Special Section on the 26th International Conference on Data Engineering.
Spatial SQL: A Query and Presentation Language.
Computation of Stable Models and Its Integration with Logical Query Processing.
Clustering for Approximate Similarity Search in High-Dimensional Spaces.
Efficient Local Search with Conflict Minimization: A Case Study of the n-Queens Problem.
Dynamic Grouping Strategies Based on a Conceptual Graph for Cooperative Learning.
Bayesian Classifiers Programmed in SQL.
Iterative Projected Clustering by Subspace Mining.
A Model-Based Approach for Discrete Data Clustering and Feature Weighting Using MAP and Stochastic Complexity.
Information Survivability for Evolvable and Adaptable Real-Time Command and Control Systems.
Uncertain One-Class Learning and Concept Summarization Learning on Uncertain Data Streams.
Multirelational k-Anonymity.
Object-Based Selective Materialization for Efficient Implementation of Spatial Data Cubes.
Text Compression for Dynamic Document Databases.
Similarity Join Processing on Uncertain Data Streams.
Mining Impact-Targeted Activity Patterns in Imbalanced Data.
Dynamic Dissimilarity Measure for Support-Based Clustering.
Dynamic Buffer Allocation in Video-on-Demand Systems.
Artificial Intelligence in Management: Future Challenges.
Mining Order-Preserving Submatrices from Data with Repeated Measurements.
Recommendation for Repeat Consumption from User Implicit Feedback.
A Lightweight Workbench for Database Benchmarking, Experimentation, and Implementation.
Comparing Scores Intended for Ranking.
False Negative Problem of Counting Bloom Filter.
Extending the ODMG Object Model with Triggers.
Uninterpreted Schema Matching with Embedded Value Mapping under Opaque Column Names and Data Values.
Rough Cluster Quality Index Based on Decision Theory.
A Self-Organizing Computing Network for Decision-Making in Data Sets with a Diversity of Data Types.
Anonymous Query Processing in Road Networks.
Using Knowledge-Based Technology to Integrate CIM Databases.
Mining Projected Clusters in High-Dimensional Spaces.
A Causal Probabilistic Network for Optimal Treatment of Bacterial Infections.
Probability Bounds for Goal Directed Queries in Bayesian Networks.
Ranked Query Processing in Uncertain Databases.
Failure Detection in Large-Scale Internet Services by Principal Subspace Mapping.
Data Mining with Big Data.
Keyword Proximity Search in XML Trees.
On Bandwidth-Efficient Data Broadcast.
Probabilistic Convex Hull Queries over Uncertain Data.
A Meta-Level Control Architecture for Production Systems.
On a Pattern-Oriented Model for Intrusion Detection.
Context-Based Diversification for Keyword Queries Over XML Data.
Image Retrieval Based on Regions of Interest.
Runtime Optimizations for Tree-Based Machine Learning Models.
Automatic Website Summarization by Image Content: A Case Study with Logo and Trademark Images.
Trigger Condition Testing and View Maintenance Using Optimized Discrimination Networks.
Building a Large and Efficient Hybrid Peer-to-Peer Internet Caching System.
Checkpointing for Optimistic Concurrency Control Methods.
The Optimality of Allocation Methods for Bounded Disagreement Search Queries: The Possible and the Impossible.
A Proxy-Based Approach to Continuous Location-Based Spatial Queries in Mobile Environments.
The Performance of Protocols Based on Locks with Ordered Sharing.
Image Database Design Based on 9D-SPA Representation for Spatial Relations.
Object and Combination Shedding Schemes for Adaptive Media Workflow Execution.
On Computing Farthest Dominated Locations.
Supporting Search-As-You-Type Using SQL in Databases.
Efficient and Effective Duplicate Detection in Hierarchical Data.
Pruning Incremental Linear Model Trees with Approximate Lookahead.
Data Mining for Case-Based Reasoning in High-Dimensional Biological Domains.
The DASDBS Project: Objectives, Experiences, and Future Prospects.
Practical Efficient String Mining.
An ElGamal-Like Cryptosystem for Enciphering Large Messages.
Online Multi-Modal Distance Metric Learning with Application to Image Retrieval.
Tree-Based Mining for Discovering Patterns of Human Interaction in Meetings.
Molecular Verification of Rule-Based Systems Based on DNA Computation.
Locally Consistent Concept Factorization for Document Clustering.
Guest Editor Introduction: Special Section on Online Analysis and Querying of Continuous Data Streams.
Explaining Classifications For Individual Instances.
Active Learning through Adaptive Heterogeneous Ensembling.
Optimizing Cyclic Join View Maintenance over Distributed Data Sources.
A Self-Organizing Knowledge Representation Scheme for Extensible Heterogenous Information Environment.
Feature Extraction and Uncorrelated Discriminant Analysis for High-Dimensional Data.
Coupled Behavior Analysis with Applications.
Composite Bloom Filters for Secure Record Linkage.
Mining Suspicious Tax Evasion Groups in Big Data.
Guest Editor's Introduction: The Fourth International Conference on Data Engineering (1988).
Synthesizing Ontology Alignment Methods Using the Max-Sum Algorithm.
An Empirical Performance Evaluation of Relational Keyword Search Techniques.
Principal Interconnections in Higher Order Hebbian-Type Associative Memories.
Design of an Integrated Information Retrieval/Database Management System.
Fine-Grained Knowledge Sharing in Collaborative Environments.
PEBL: Web Page Classification without Negative Examples.
Guest Editor's Introduction to Special Section on Knowledge Engineering and Software Engineering.
Mining Optimized Gain Rules for Numeric Attributes.
Comparing Subspace Clusterings.
Fast All-Pairs SimRank Assessment on Large Graphs and Bipartite Domains.
Correction to 'MPGS: An Interactive Tool for the Specification and Generation of Multimedia Presentations'.
Lineage Encoding: An Efficient Wireless XML Streaming Supporting Twig Pattern Queries.
CogBoost: Boosting for Fast Cost-Sensitive Graph Classification.
Logic Programming with Arrays.
Efficient Bulk-Loading of Gridfiles.
Graph-Based Learning via Auto-Grouped Sparse Regularization and Kernelized Extension.
Pattern Discovery by Residual Analysis and Recursive Partitioning.
Continuous K-Means Monitoring with Low Reporting Cost in Sensor Networks.
Performance Analysis of Distributed Deadlock Detection Algorithms.
Optimizing Bloom Filter Settings in Peer-to-Peer Multikeyword Searching.
Range Nearest-Neighbor Query.
Secure Mining of Association Rules inHorizontally Distributed Databases.
ROAD: A New Spatial Object Search Framework for Road Networks.
Distributed Evaluation of Network Directory Queries.
A Parallel Asynchronous Garbage Collection Algorithm for Distributed Systems.
Robust Joint Feature Weights Learning Framework.
A Game Theory Inspired Approach to Stable Core Decomposition on Weighted Networks.
Differentially Private Frequent Sequence Mining.
Automatic Target Recognition Using a Neocognitron.
One Size Does Not Fit All: Toward User- and Query-Dependent Ranking for Web Databases.
Incremental Maintenance of Online Summaries Over Multiple Streams.
MWMOTE-Majority Weighted Minority Oversampling Technique for Imbalanced Data Set Learning.
Subontology Extraction Using Hyponym and Hypernym Closure on is-a Directed Acyclic Graphs.
Multiscale Representations for Fast Pattern Matching in Stream Time Series.
RFID Data Processing in Supply Chain Management Using a Path Encoding Scheme.
Improving Word Similarity by Augmenting PMI with Estimates of Word Polysemy.
A Dynamic Discretization Approach for Constructing Decision Trees with a Continuous Label.
Combining Multiple Knowledge Bases.
Structured Development of Problem Solving Methods.
Patient Flow Prediction via Discriminative Learning of Mutually-Correcting Processes.
Adaptive Replication Management in HDFS Based on Supervised Learning.
Efficient Processing of Nested Fuzzy SQL Queries in a Fuzzy Database.
Fast Indexing and Visualization of Metric Data Sets using Slim-Trees.
Presto Authorization: A Bitmap Indexing Scheme for High-Speed Access Control to XML Documents.
Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction with Local Spline Embedding.
NUMA-Aware Scalable and Efficient In-Memory Aggregation on Large Domains.
ePeriodicity: Mining Event Periodicity from Incomplete Observations.
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization: A Comprehensive Review.
Supporting Pattern-Matching Queries over Trajectories on Road Networks.
VChunkJoin: An Efficient Algorithm for Edit Similarity Joins.
An Integrated Framework for Visualized and Exploratory Pattern Discovery in Mixed Data.
A Method of Learning Implication Networks from Empirical Data: Algorithm and Monte-Carlo Simulation-Based Validation.
Multiclass MTS for Simultaneous Feature Selection and Classification.
Integration of the HL7 Standard in a Multiagent System to Support Personalized Access to e-Health Services.
Load Balancing of Parallelized Information Filters.
Revealing Density-Based Clustering Structure from the Core-Connected Tree of a Network.
Semi-Supervised Nonlinear Distance Metric Learning via Forests of Max-Margin Cluster Hierarchies.
Failure-Aware Cascaded Suppression in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Main Memory Oriented Optimization of OO Queries Using Typed Datalog with Foreign Predicates.
Maintaining Strong Cache Consistency for the Domain Name System.
Verification of Medical Guidelines Using Background Knowledge in Task Networks.
Semisupervised Wrapper Choice and Generation for Print-Oriented Documents.
A Generic Multilevel Architecture for Time Series Prediction.
A Novel Variable-order Markov Model for Clustering Categorical Sequences.
Topic-Sensitive PageRank: A Context-Sensitive Ranking Algorithm for Web Search.
Optimal Symbol Alignment Distance: A New Distance for Sequences of Symbols.
RAPS: A Rule-Based Language for Specifying Resource Allocation and Time-Tabling.
Engineering a Policy-Based System for Federated Healthcare Databases.
Divide-and-Approximate: A Novel Constraint Push Strategy for Iceberg Cube Mining.
Weakly Supervised Joint Sentiment-Topic Detection from Text.
Generalized Production Rules as a Basis for Integrating Active and Deductive Databases.
Supporting Privacy Protection in Personalized Web Search.
A Game Theoretic Approach for Simultaneous Compaction and Equipartitioning of Spatial Data Sets.
A Knowledge-Based Fatal Incident Decision Model.
A Guide to the Literature on Learning Probabilistic Networks from Data.
Unsupervised Feature Selection with Controlled Redundancy (UFeSCoR).
A Support-Ordered Trie for Fast Frequent Itemset Discovery.
Efficient Mining of Association Rules in Distributed Databases.
SEDEX: Scalable Entity Preserving Data Exchange.
A History Approach of Automatic Relationships Establisment for VLSI Design Database.
Join and Data Redistribution Algorithms for Hypercubes.
An Extended Chi2 Algorithm for Discretization of Real Value Attributes.
Multiprocessor Join Scheduling.
Discovering the Top-k Unexplained Sequences in Time-Stamped Observation Data.
Similar Subtree Search Using Extended Tree Inclusion.
A Generic Scheme for Color Image Retrieval Based on the Multivariate Wald-Wolfowitz Test.
Adaptive Cluster Distance Bounding for High-Dimensional Indexing.
Top-k Dominating Queries on Incomplete Data.
A Bayesian Perspective on Early Stage Event Prediction in Longitudinal Data.
Conflict-Aware Event-Participant Arrangement and Its Variant for Online Setting.
Propagation of Data Fusion.
Infrequent Weighted Itemset Mining Using Frequent Pattern Growth.
Knowledge Representation Using Fuzzy Petri Nets.
Top-k Similarity Join in Heterogeneous Information Networks.
Computing Iceberg Cubes by Top-Down and Bottom-Up Integration: The StarCubing Approach.
Seeking Quality of Web Service Composition in a Semantic Dimension.
Performance Analysis of Location-Dependent Cache Invalidation Schemes for Mobile Environments.
On the Effect of Location Uncertainty in Spatial Querying.
Early Active Database Efforts: A Capsule Summary.
Efficient Mining of Large Maximal Bicliques from 3D Symmetric Adjacency Matrix.
Automatic Control of Workflow Processes Using ECA Rules.
Set Operations in Object-Based Data Models.
TSCAN: A Content Anatomy Approach to Temporal Topic Summarization.
Polarity Consistency Checking for Domain Independent Sentiment Dictionaries.
A Lightweight and Scalable e-Transaction Protocol for Three-Tier Systems with Centralized Back-End Database.
Allocating Data and Operations to Nodes in Distributed Database Design.
Skyline Index for Time Series Data.
Ordering and Selecting Production Rules for Constraint Maintenance: Complexity and Heuristic Solution.
BiRank: Towards Ranking on Bipartite Graphs.
The Group Paradigm for Concurrency Control Protocols.
Selection of Views to Materialize in a Data Warehouse.
Efficient and Scalable Processing of String Similarity Join.
\(m\) -Privacy for Collaborative Data Publishing.
Mining Sequential Patterns by Pattern-Growth: The PrefixSpan Approach.
User Action Interpretation for Online Content Optimization.
Visualization of Ontologies to Specify Semantic Descriptions of Services.
estMax: Tracing Maximal Frequent Item Sets Instantly over Online Transactional Data Streams.
SemQuery: Semantic Clustering and Querying on Heterogeneous Features for Visual Data.
Dense Subgraph Extraction with Application to Community Detection.
A Study on the Structure of Linear Recursion.
Comments on "Knowledge Representation Using Fuzzy Petri Nets".
Static and Dynamic Delegation in the Role Graph Model.
A Space-Bounded Anytime Algorithm for the Multiple Longest Common Subsequence Problem.
Toward Web-Based Application Management Systems.
The Story of O2.
PrefDB: Supporting Preferences as First-Class Citizens in Relational Databases.
Towards Multi-Tenant Performance SLOs.
Independently Updated Views.
An Extended Algebra for Constraint Databases.
Voting Systems with Trust Mechanisms in Cyberspace: Vulnerabilities and Defenses.
Nondeterministic, Nonmonotonic Logic Databases.
Imbalanced Multiple Noisy Labeling.
Dependability of AI Systems - Guest Editor's Introduction.
Main-Memory Hash Joins on Modern Processor Architectures.
Toward a Fuzzy Domain Ontology Extraction Method for Adaptive e-Learning.
Efficient Computation of Iceberg Cubes by Bounding Aggregate Functions.
Data Allocation for Multi-Disk Databases.
Truth Discovery with Multiple Conflicting Information Providers on the Web.
Object-Oriented Query Languages: The Notion and the Issues.
The Subgraph Similarity Problem.
Enforcement of Autonomous Authorizations in Collaborative Distributed Query Evaluation.
An Entropy Weighting k-Means Algorithm for Subspace Clustering of High-Dimensional Sparse Data.
Crowdsourced Data Management: A Survey.
Automatic Structuring of Knowledge Bases by Conceptual Clustering.
q-Gram Matching Using Tree Models.
Capacity-Constrained Network-Voronoi Diagram.
Credibility: How Agents Can Handle Unfair Third-Party Testimonies in Computational Trust Models.
Joint Structure Feature Exploration and Regularization for Multi-Task Graph Classification.
A Rule-Based Software Test Data Generator.
Semantic Segment Extraction and Matching for Internet FAQ Retrieval.
Classifying Time Series Using Local Descriptors with Hybrid Sampling.
A Relational Approach to Querying Streams.
Product Aspect Ranking and Its Applications.
Mining High Utility Patterns in One Phase without Generating Candidates.
EIC Editorial.
Correct Execution of Transactions at Different Isolation Levels.
Flexible Frameworks for Actionable Knowledge Discovery.
Scalable Diversified Ranking on Large Graphs.
Closing the Loop in Webpage Understanding.
Mining Weighted Association Rules without Preassigned Weights.
Efficient Skyline Computation on Big Data.
Composing Data Services with Uncertain Semantics.
State of the Journal.
Secure Interoperation in a Multidomain Environment Employing RBAC Policies.
Efficient Periodicity Mining in Time Series Databases Using Suffix Trees.
VEGAS: Visual influEnce GrAph Summarization on Citation Networks.
PB<sup>+</sup>-Tree: PCM-Aware B<sup>+</sup>-Tree.
A Bound on Kappa-Error Diagrams for Analysis of Classifier Ensembles.
Learning from Imbalanced Data.
An Optimization Model for Clustering Categorical Data Streams with Drifting Concepts.
Optimizing Cost of Continuous Overlapping Queries over Data Streams by Filter Adaption.
KBMS: A Knowledge-Based System for Modeling Software System Specifications.
Temporal Relational Data Model.
Managing and Sharing Servents' Reputations in P2P Systems.
Binding Propagation Techniques for the Optimization of Bound Disjunctive Queries.
Frequent Item Computation on a Chip.
CLARANS: A Method for Clustering Objects for Spatial Data Mining.
Generating Queries with Cardinality Constraints for DBMS Testing.
Parallel Natural Language Processing on a Semantic Network Array Processor.
Incremental Maintenance of 2-Hop Labeling of Large Graphs.
Path Signatures: A Way to Speed Up Recursion in Relational Databases.
Rights Protection for Categorical Data.
Effectiveness of Parallel Joins.
Efficient Storage Techniques for Digital Continuous Multimedia.
Incremental and Decremental Max-Flow for Online Semi-Supervised Learning.
A Generalized Hierarchical Multi-Latent Space Model for Heterogeneous Learning.
A FAD for Data Intensive Applications.
Secure kNN Query Processing in Untrusted Cloud Environments.
On-Demand Snapshot: An Efficient Versioning File System for Phase-Change Memory.
Optimal Design of Multiple Hash Tables for Concurrency Control.
Discriminative Link Prediction using Local, Community, and Global Signals.
SPARK2: Top-k Keyword Query in Relational Databases.
Correction to ``Server Capacity Planning for Web Traffic Workload''.
HybMig: A Hybrid Approach to Dynamic Plan Migration for Continuous Queries.
Linking Heterogeneous Data in the Semantic Web Using Scalable and Domain-Independent Candidate Selection.
HyXAC: Hybrid XML Access Control Integrating View-Based and Query-Rewriting Approaches.
Relaxed Functional Dependencies - A Survey of Approaches.
An Efficient Cost Model for Optimization of Nearest Neighbor Search in Low and Medium Dimensional Spaces.
A Stochastic Programming Approach for Range Query Retrieval Problems.
Closeness: A New Privacy Measure for Data Publishing.
Aggregation of Imprecise and Uncertain Information in Databases.
Foreword.
DR-Prolog: A System for Defeasible Reasoning with Rules and Ontologies on the Semantic Web.
On Producing High and Early Result Throughput in Multijoin Query Plans.
New Approach to Requirements Trade-Off Analysis for Complex Systems.
Event Characterization and Prediction Based on Temporal Patterns in Dynamic Data System.
Enhanced Visual Analysis for Cluster Tendency Assessment and Data Partitioning.
Splitting and Merging Version Spaces to Learn Disjunctive Concepts.
A Probabilistic Scheme for Keyword-Based Incremental Query Construction.
Dependent Data Broadcasting for Unordered Queries in a Multiple Channel Mobile Environment.
Top-k Monitoring in Wireless Sensor Networks.
AOBA: Recognizing Object Behavior in Pervasive Urban Management.
A Cooperative Coevolution Framework for Parallel Learning to Rank.
A Fuzzy Approach to Partitioning Continuous Attributes for Classification.
User Preference Learning for Online Social Recommendation.
A Probabilistic Limit on the Virtual Size of Replicated Disk Systems.
Local Kernel Regression Score for Selecting Features of High-Dimensional Data.
Challenges in Data Crowdsourcing.
A Tree-Structured Index Allocation Method with Replication over Multiple Broadcast Channels in Wireless Environments.
Detecting and Representing Relevant Web Deltas in WHOWEDA.
CDNs Content Outsourcing via Generalized Communities.
Quality-Aware Sampling and Its Applications in Incremental Data Mining.
Addendum to "On Satisfiability, Equivalence, and Implication Problems Involving Conjunctive Queries in Database Systems".
Modeling Noisy Annotated Data with Application to Social Annotation.
Bayesian Networks for Knowledge-Based Authentication.
Function Materialization in Object Bases: Design, Realization, and Evaluation.
Set Predicates in SQL: Enabling Set-Level Comparisons for Dynamically Formed Groups.
Constrained Cascade Generalization of Decision Trees.
Optimizing the Calculation of Conditional Probability Tables in Hybrid Bayesian Networks Using Binary Factorization.
Exploring Topical Lead-Lag across Corpora.
Identifying Evolving Groups in Dynamic Multimode Networks.
Automatic Enrichment of Semantic Relation Network and Its Application to Word Sense Disambiguation.
Hierarchical Discretized Pursuit Nonlinear Learning Automata with Rapid Convergence and High Accuracy.
Classifier Ensembles with a Random Linear Oracle.
AMS: A Declarative Formalism for Hierarchical Representation of Procedural Knowledge.
COMPLEX: An Object-Oriented Logic Programming System.
Finding Rare Classes: Active Learning with Generative and Discriminative Models.
Editorial: AE Introduction.
Optimizing Top-k Selection Queries over Multimedia Repositories.
Differential <i>A*</i>.
The EVE Approach: View Synchronization in Dynamic Distributed Environments.
A Unified Feature Selection Framework for Graph Embedding on High Dimensional Data.
A Rough-Set-Based Incremental Approach for Updating Approximations under Dynamic Maintenance Environments.
Performance Analysis of a Concurrent File Reorganization Algorithm for Record Clustering.
Searching with Numbers.
An Information Retrieval Approach for Approximate Queries.
Exploiting Data Mining Techniques for Broadcasting Data in Mobile Computing Environments.
EIC Editorial.
GenPerm: A Unified Method for Detecting Non-Overlapping and Overlapping Communities.
Decision Trees for Uncertain Data.
Text Clustering with Seeds Affinity Propagation.
Truth Discovery in Crowdsourced Detection of Spatial Events.
Structural and Role-Oriented Web Service Discovery with Taxonomies in OWL-S.
Accelerated Continuous Conditional Random Fields For Load Forecasting.
Localized Co-Occurrence Model for Fast Approximate Search in 3D Structure Databases.
Random Sampling for Continuous Streams with Arbitrary Updates.
EIC Editorial.
Termination and Confluence by Rule Prioritization.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Digital Libraries.
DSP-CC-: I/O Efficient Parallel Computation of Connected Components in Billion-Scale Networks.
Frequent Closed Sequence Mining without Candidate Maintenance.
Supporting Ranked Boolean Similarity Queries in MARS.
CrowdOp: Query Optimization for Declarative Crowdsourcing Systems.
ISC: An Iterative Social Based Classifier for Adult Account Detection on Twitter.
Discriminative Training of the Hidden Vector State Model for Semantic Parsing.
Overcoming Asymmetry in Entity Graphs.
An Information-Theoretic Foundation for the Measurement of Discrimination Information.
A Trie Compaction Algorithm for a Large Set of Keys.
Binary- and Multi-class Group Sparse Canonical Correlation Analysis for Feature Extraction and Classification.
Agglomerative Fuzzy K-Means Clustering Algorithm with Selection of Number of Clusters.
Building toward Capability Specifications of Web Services Based on an Environment Ontology.
On Scheduling Atomic and Composite Continuous Media Objects.
MultiComm: Finding Community Structurein Multi-Dimensional Networks.
Genetics-Based Learning of New Heuristics: Rational Scheduling of Experiments and Generalization.
Optimizing Event Pattern Matching Using Business Process Models.
Time Series Classification Using Gaussian Mixture Models of Reconstructed Phase Spaces.
Linear Temporal Sequences and Their Interpretation Using Midpoint Relationships.
A Wavelet Framework for Adapting Data Cube Views for OLAP.
Meta-Blocking: Taking Entity Resolutionto the Next Level.
Database Mining: A Performance Perspective.
Guest Editorial: Special Section on the International Conference on Data Engineering.
Symbolic Interpretation of Artificial Neural Networks.
Query Rewriting for SWIFT (First) Answers.
Pattern Based Sequence Classification.
Exact and Approximate Algorithms for the Index Selection Problem in Physical Database Design.
Toward Multidatabase Mining: Identifying Relevant Databases.
Integrating Data Warehouses with Web Data: A Survey.
Ring-Shaped Hotspot Detection.
SynchRuler: A Rule-Based Flexible Synchronization Model with Model Checking.
A Planning Aid: An Intelligent Modeling System for Planning Problems Based on Constraint Satisfaction.
A Communication Perspective on Automatic Text Categorization.
Joint Optimization of Index Freshness and Coverage in Real-Time Search Engines.
Semi-Supervised Maximum Margin Clustering with Pairwise Constraints.
Finding Patterns on Protein Surfaces: Algorithms and Applications to Protein Classification.
The Effect of Buffering on the Performance of R-Trees.
Deductive Entity-Relationship Modeling.
Intelligent Critic System for Architectural Design.
Efficient and Exact Local Search for Random Walk Based Top-K Proximity Query in Large Graphs.
Binary Rule Generation via Hamming Clustering.
A Relation-Based Page Rank Algorithm for Semantic Web Search Engines.
Continuous Subgraph Pattern Search over Certain and Uncertain Graph Streams.
Scalable Distributed Processing of K Nearest Neighbor Queries over Moving Objects.
MORE: An Object-Oriented Data Model with a Facility for Changing Object Structures.
A Lightweight Algorithm for Message Type Extraction in System Application Logs.
The Integration of Rule Systems and Database Systems.
Feature Selection via Global Redundancy Minimization.
Privacy-Preserving Enhanced Collaborative Tagging.
Linear-Time Wrappers to Identify Atypical Points: Two Subset Generation Methods.
Optimal Service Pricing for a Cloud Cache.
Evaluating Recursive Queries in Distributed Databases.
Inconsistency-Tolerant Integrity Checking.
Tri-Training: Exploiting Unlabeled Data Using Three Classifiers.
Record Matching over Query Results from Multiple Web Databases.
A Polynomial Algorithm for Optimal Univariate Microaggregation.
A Fast Multiple Longest Common Subsequence (MLCS) Algorithm.
Extraction and Applications of Statistical Relationships in Relational Databases.
Catching the Trend: A Framework for Clustering Concept-Drifting Categorical Data.
Effect of Data Skewness and Workload Balance in Parallel Data Mining.
Evaluation of Multiclass Novelty Detection Algorithms for Data Streams.
Building a Scalable Database-Driven Reverse Dictionary.
A Generic Framework for Top-${\schmi k}$ Pairs and Top- ${\schmi k}$ Objects Queries over Sliding Windows.
Efficient Phrase-Based Document Similarity for Clustering.
Efficient Semantic-Based Content Search in P2P Network.
Semantic Query Optimization for Tree and Chain Queries.
Adaptive Data Access in Broadcast-Based Wireless Environments.
Multiprocessor Document Allocation: A Genetic Algorithm Approach.
Incremental Detection of Inconsistencies in Distributed Data.
RSkNN: kNN Search on Road Networks by Incorporating Social Influence.
Learning Concept Descriptions with Typed Evolutionary Programming.
Representation of Models for Expert Problem Solving in Physics.
Olex: Effective Rule Learning for Text Categorization.
Discovering Emerging Topics in Social Streams via Link-Anomaly Detection.
Main Memory Indexing: The Case for BD-Tree.
Incremental Processing of Continual Range Queries over Moving Objects.
Periodicity Detection in Time Series Databases.
A Flexible Content Adaptation System Using a Rule-Based Approach.
A Personalized Ontology Model for Web Information Gathering.
Learning a Maximum Margin Subspace for Image Retrieval.
Structured Data Extraction from the Web Based on Partial Tree Alignment.
An Efficient Subspace Sampling Framework for High-Dimensional Data Reduction, Selectivity Estimation, and Nearest-Neighbor Search.
Fast Low-Rank Subspace Segmentation.
Organization Self-Design of Distributed Production Systems.
Keyword Search Over Probabilistic RDF Graphs.
A Survey of General-Purpose Crowdsourcing Techniques.
GrubJoin: An Adaptive, Multi-Way, Windowed Stream Join with Time Correlation-Aware CPU Load Shedding.
On Evaluating the Contribution of Validation for Question Answering.
Distributed Processing of Probabilistic Top-k Queries in Wireless Sensor Networks.
On-The-Fly Reading of Entire Databases.
GLIP: A Concurrency Control Protocol for Clipping Indexing.
Decision Trees for Mining Data Streams Based on the McDiarmid's Bound.
A Scalable Hybrid Approach for Extracting Head Components from Web Tables.
Test-Cost Sensitive Classification on Data with Missing Values.
An Overview on XML Semantic Disambiguation from Unstructured Text to Semi-Structured Data: Background, Applications, and Ongoing Challenges.
Inductive Learning in Deductive Databases.
A Multiagent Update Process in a Database with Temporal Data Dependencies and Schema Versioning.
Locating Objects in Mobile Computing.
Slot Index Spatial Join.
LIGHT: A Query-Efficient Yet Low-Maintenance Indexing Scheme over DHTs.
Mining Sequential Patterns from Multidimensional Sequence Data.
Classifier Ensembles with the Extended Space Forest.
Mining Frequent Subgraph Patterns from Uncertain Graph Data.
Privacy Policy Inference of User-Uploaded Images on Content Sharing Sites.
An Access Control Model and Its Use in Representing Mental Health Application Access Policy.
Dealing with Uncertainty: A Survey of Theories and Practices.
PM: A System to Support the Automatic Acquisition of Programming Knowledge.
Guest Editor's Introduction to the Special Section on the IEEE International Conference on Data Engineering.
Call for Papers: Cloud Data Management.
Applying Segmented Right-Deep Trees to Pipelining Multiple Hash Joins.
Schema Evolution of an Object-Oriented Real-Time Database System for Manufacturing Automation.
Parallel and Distributed Processing of Rules by Data Reduction.
Exploiting Single-Threaded Model in Multi-Core In-Memory Systems.
A Predictive-Reactive Method for Improving the Robustness of Real-Time Data Services.
Emergent Semantics through Interaction in Image Databases.
Tensor Canonical Correlation Analysis for Multi-View Dimension Reduction.
KSQ: Top-$(k)$ Similarity Query on Uncertain Trajectories.
Evaluation of Recursive Queries with Extended Rules in Deductive Databases.
Privacy Preserving Delegated Access Control in Public Clouds.
XCDSearch: An XML Context-Driven Search Engine.
Relational Collaborative Topic Regression for Recommender Systems.
Representing Inference Control by Hypothesis-Based Association.
Presentation Planning for Distributed VoD Systems.
Incremental Affinity Propagation Clustering Based on Message Passing.
A New Complicated-Knowledge Representation Approach Based on Knowledge Meshes.
Online Index Recommendations for High-Dimensional Databases Using Query Workloads.
A Knowledge-Based Control Architecture with Interactive Reasoning Functions.
Spotting Suspicious Behaviors in Multimodal Data: A General Metric and Algorithms.
A Web Surfer Model Incorporating Topic Continuity.
Cosdes: A Collaborative Spam Detection System with a Novel E-Mail Abstraction Scheme.
KISS: Knowing Camera Prototype System for Recognizing and Annotating Places-of-Interest.
Extended Subtree: A New SimilarityFunction for Tree Structured Data.
Efficient Fuzzy Type-Ahead Search in XML Data.
Discovering Temporal Change Patterns in the Presence of Taxonomies.
Emphasizing Minority Class in LDA for Feature Subset Selection on High-Dimensional Small-Sized Problems.
Efficient Similarity Join Based on Earth Mover's Distance Using MapReduce.
Acknowledging TKDE's Fine Past and Looking to an Even Better Future.
Top-k Spatial Joins.
Sampling Online Social Networks.
Mining Multiple-Level Association Rules in Large Databases.
Information Flow Control in Object-Oriented Systems.
Mining Cluster-Based Temporal Mobile Sequential Patterns in Location-Based Service Environments.
Coordinated Placement and Replacement for Large-Scale Distributed Caches.
On the Optimal Robot Routing Problem in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Consistent Online Backup in Transactional File Systems.
Usher: Improving Data Quality with Dynamic Forms.
Introduction to the Special Section on the Fifth International Workshop on Multimedia Information Systems.
APP Relationship Calculation: An Iterative Process.
Incremental Query Processing on Big Data Streams.
Database Concurrency Control in Multilevel Secure Database Management Systems.
A Lazy Approach to Associative Classification.
Adaptive Preprocessing for Streaming Data.
Using Datacube Aggregates for Approximate Querying and Deviation Detection.
A Web Usage Mining Framework for Mining Evolving User Profiles in Dynamic Web Sites.
Model-Based Method for Projective Clustering.
Optimal Bucket Allocation Design of k-ary MKH Files for Partial Match Retrieval.
Cell Suppression Methodology: The Importance of Suppressing Marginal Totals.
Report on Workshop on High Performance Computing and Communications for Grand Challenge Applications: Computer Vision, Speech and Natural Language Processing, and Artificial Intelligence.
Semi-Supervised Heterogeneous Fusion for Multimedia Data Co-Clustering.
Semantic-Aware Blocking for Entity Resolution.
Mining Sequential Patterns with Regular Expression Constraints.
Automatic Clustering via Outward Statistical Testing on Density Metrics.
Redefining Clustering for High-Dimensional Applications.
OCCT: A One-Class Clustering Tree for Implementing One-to-Many Data Linkage.
On Optimal Rule Discovery.
Design and Evaluation of a Generic Software Architecture for On-Demand Video Servers.
Multiparty Access Control for Online Social Networks: Model and Mechanisms.
Sequential Decision Models for Expert System Optimization.
<i>k</i>NNVWC: An Efficient k-Nearest Neighbors Approach Based on Various-Widths Clustering.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Rule Representation, Interchange, and Reasoning in Distributed, Heterogeneous Environments.
Server Capacity Planning for Web Traffic Workload.
Optimal Secondary Storage Access Sequence for Performing Relational Join.
Negative Samples Analysis in Relevance Feedback.
Logical Inference of Horn Clauses in Petri Net Models.
Answering Frequent Probabilistic Inference Queries in Databases.
Attribute-Level Neighbor Hierarchy Construction Using Evolved Pattern-Based Knowledge Induction.
A Survey on Content-Based Retrieval for Multimedia Databases.
Entity Linking with a Knowledge Base: Issues, Techniques, and Solutions.
A Partition Model Approach to Updating Universal Scheme Interfaces.
Incremental Evaluation of Visible Nearest Neighbor Queries.
Probabilistic Memory-Based Collaborative Filtering.
Temporal Skeletonization on Sequential Data: Patterns, Categorization, and Visualization.
myOLAP: An Approach to Express and Evaluate OLAP Preferences.
BinRank: Scaling Dynamic Authority-Based Search Using Materialized Subgraphs.
Scalable Evaluation of Trajectory Queries over Imprecise Location Data.
Exact Knowledge Hiding through Database Extension.
A Recurrent Cooperative/Competitive Field for Segmentation of Magnetic Brain Images.
Computing and Managing Cardinal Direction Relations.
A Query Model to Synthesize Answer Intervals from Indexed Video Units.
Indexing Useful Structural Patterns for XML Query Processing.
Accuracy-Constrained Privacy-Preserving Access Control Mechanismfor Relational Data.
RiMOM: A Dynamic Multistrategy Ontology Alignment Framework.
WALRUS: A Similarity Retrieval Algorithm for Image Databases.
Nonthreshold-Based Event Detection for 3D Environment Monitoring in Sensor Networks.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Connectionist Models for Learning in Structured Domains.
Bridging Domains Using World Wide Knowledge for Transfer Learning.
A Time-Bound Cryptographic Key Assignment Scheme for Access Control in a Hierarchy.
Horizontal Aggregations in SQL to Prepare Data Sets for Data Mining Analysis.
Finding and Labeling the Subject of a Captioned Depictive Natural Photograph.
Scalable Cache Invalidation Algorithms for Mobile Data Access.
An Iterative MapReduce Based Frequent Subgraph Mining Algorithm.
Spatio-Temporal Analysis of Passive Consumption in Internet Media.
Adapted One-versus-All Decision Trees for Data Stream Classification.
Developing Data Allocation Schemes by Incremental Mining of User Moving Patterns in a Mobile Computing System.
Fast Algorithms for Online Generation of Profile Association Rules.
A Unifying Framework of Mining Trajectory Patterns of Various Temporal Tightness.
A Unifying Framework for Mining Approximate Top- \(k\) Binary Patterns.
The Indispensability of Dispensable Indexes.
A Probabilistic Model for Mining Labeled Ordered Trees: Capturing Patterns in Carbohydrate Sugar Chains.
Development of a Software Engineering Ontology for Multisite Software Development.
Workload-Based Ordering of Multi-Dimensional Data.
Transform-Space View: Performing Spatial Join in the Transform Space Using Original-Space Indexes.
Evaluating Tag-Based Preference Obfuscation Systems.
Semisupervised Query Expansion with Minimal Feedback.
Improving Stability of Recommender Systems: A Meta-Algorithmic Approach.
An Efficient Evaluation of a Fuzzy Equi-Join Using Fuzzy Equality Indicators.
EIC Editorial.
Shape Sensitive Geometric Monitoring.
A Transaction Mapping Algorithm for Frequent Itemsets Mining.
Optimal Route Queries with Arbitrary Order Constraints.
Techniques for Update Handling in the Enhanced Client-Server DBMS.
Access Time Oracle for Planar Graphs.
Kernelized Fuzzy Rough Sets and Their Applications.
Energy-Efficient Reverse Skyline Query Processing over Wireless Sensor Networks.
Kernel Uncorrelated and Regularized Discriminant Analysis: A Theoretical and Computational Study.
Performance Analysis of Three Text-Join Algorithms.
Wizard: A Database Inference Analysis and Detection System.
P-AutoClass: Scalable Parallel Clustering for Mining Large Data Sets.
Clustering-Based Ensembles as an Alternative to Stacking.
Indexing and Retrieval for Genomic Databases.
Increasing Retrieval Quality in Conversational Recommenders.
Finding Top-k Answers in Keyword Search over Relational Databases Using Tuple Units.
CSVD: Clustering and Singular Value Decomposition for Approximate Similarity Search in High-Dimensional Spaces.
Towards the Correctness and Consistency of Update Semantics in Semantic Database Schema.
Clustering with Multiviewpoint-Based Similarity Measure.
ML-FOREST: A Multi-Label Tree Ensemble Method for Multi-Label Classification.
Solving Constraint Optimization Problems from CLP-Style Specifications Using Heuristic Search Techniques.
Constructing the Dependency Structure of a Multiagent Probabilistic Network.
An Optimal Resource Scheduler for Continuous Display of Structured Video Objects.
Survey on Aspect-Level Sentiment Analysis.
Measuring the Sky: On Computing Data Cubes via Skylining the Measures.
State of the Art in Parallel Search Techniques for Discrete Optimization Problems.
Automatic Taxonomy Construction from Keywords via Scalable Bayesian Rose Trees.
Association Discovery in Two-View Data.
Extending BCDM to Cope with Proposals and Evaluations of Updates.
A Divide-and-Conquer Approach for Minimum Spanning Tree-Based Clustering.
Efficient Processing of Top-k Queries in Uncertain Databases with x-Relations.
Text Clustering with Feature Selection by Using Statistical Data.
Rule-Based Consistency Enforcement for Knowledge-Based Systems.
Parsimonious Topic Models with Salient Word Discovery.
A Novel Combination of Answer Set Programming with Description Logics for the Semantic Web.
Compression, Clustering, and Pattern Discovery in Very High-Dimensional Discrete-Attribute Data Sets.
Radio Database Compression for Accurate Energy-Efficient Localization in Fingerprinting Systems.
Delay Compensation Protocols for Synchronization of Multimedia Data Streams.
An Approach to Knowledge Acquisition Based on the Structure of Personal Construct Systems.
SEAM: A State-Entity-Activity-Model for a Well-Defined Workflow Development Methodology.
Generalization by Neural Networks.
Sensor-Based Abnormal Human-Activity Detection.
The Science of Making ERORS: What Error Tolerance Implies for Capacity in Neural Networks.
Rewriting Rules To Permeate Complex Similarity and Fuzzy Queries within a Relational Database System.
Indexing Animated Objects Using Spatiotemporal Access Methods.
I/O-Efficient Bundled Range Aggregation.
QA-Pagelet: Data Preparation Techniques for Large-Scale Data Analysis of the Deep Web.
System Guided View Integration for Object-Oriented Databases.
k-Nearest Neighbor Classification over Semantically Secure Encrypted Relational Data.
Collective Travel Planning in Spatial Networks.
Wildcard Search in Structured Peer-to-Peer Networks.
The Move-Split-Merge Metric for Time Series.
Reasoning About Equations and Functional Dependencies on Complex Objects.
Anomaly Detection via Online Oversampling Principal Component Analysis.
Batch Mode Active Learning with Applications to Text Categorization and Image Retrieval.
Uniform Techniques for Deriving Similarities of Objects and Subschemes in Heterogeneous Databases.
DBMS Support for Nonmetric Measurement Systems.
Effectively Mining and Using Coverage and Overlap Statistics for Data Integration.
A Comparative Study of Implementation Techniques for Query Processing in Multicore Systems.
Locally Discriminative Coclustering.
Combining Feature Reduction and Case Selection in Building CBR Classifiers.
KEMB: A Keyword-Based XML Message Broker.
Volume Leases for Consistency in Large-Scale Systems.
An Information-Preserving Watermarking Scheme for Right Protection of EMR Systems.
G-Log: A Graph-Based Query Language.
Joint Top-K Spatial Keyword Query Processing.
Literature Extraction of Protein Functions Using Sentence Pattern Mining.
A Meta-Top-Down Method for Large-Scale Hierarchical Classification.
Mining Web Informative Structures and Contents Based on Entropy Analysis.
Evaluating Keyword Selection Methods for WEBSOM Text Archives.
Distributed Line Graphs: A Universal Technique for Designing DHTs Based on Arbitrary Regular Graphs.
Random Projection Random Discretization Ensembles - Ensembles of Linear Multivariate Decision Trees.
Consensus-Based Ranking of Multivalued Objects: A Generalized Borda Count Approach.
Spatio-Temporal Composition of Video Objects: Representation and Querying in Video Database Systems.
View Integration: A Step Forward in Solving Structural Conflicts.
TAPER: A Two-Step Approach for All-Strong-Pairs Correlation Query in Large Databases.
Representation of Qualitative User Preference by Quantitative Belief Functions.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Peer-to-Peer-Based Data Management.
Development of a Class of Distributed Termination Detection Algorithms.
Redistricting Using Constrained Polygonal Clustering.
Deriving Concept-Based User Profiles from Search Engine Logs.
Enhancing the Effectiveness of Clustering with Spectra Analysis.
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization with Auxiliary Information on Overlapping Groups.
Efficient Processing of Metric Skyline Queries.
On Generalizable Low False-Positive Learning Using Asymmetric Support Vector Machines.
Ontological Versus Knowledge Engineering.
An Approach to Novelty Detection Applied to the Classification of Image Regions.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Multimedia Information Systems.
Confidence Interval for F<sub>1</sub> Measure of Algorithm Performance Based on Blocked 3&times; 2 Cross-Validation.
Malware Propagation in Large-Scale Networks.
Rank Entropy-Based Decision Trees for Monotonic Classification.
An LSH-Based Blocking Approach with a Homomorphic Matching Technique for Privacy-Preserving Record Linkage.
Density Conscious Subspace Clustering for High-Dimensional Data.
SMCA: A General Model for Mining Asynchronous Periodic Patterns in Temporal Databases.
Watermill: An Optimized Fingerprinting System for Databases under Constraints.
Toward an Accurate Analysis of Range Queries on Spatial Data.
Rule-Induction and Case-Based Reasoning: Hybrid Architectures Appear Advantageous.
The Post-Game Analysis Framework - Developing Resource Management Strategies for Concurrent Systems.
Trends in Cooperative Distributed Problem Solving.
Editorial: State of the Transactions.
Parsing Electronic Circuits in a Logic Grammar.
Cluster Kernels: Resource-Aware Kernel Density Estimators over Streaming Data.
CRoM and HuspExt: Improving Efficiency of High Utility Sequential Pattern Extraction.
The Presumed-Either Two-Phase Commit Protocol.
Design and Analysis of an Integrated Checkpointing Recovery Scheme for Distributed Applications.
On Co-Scheduling of Update and Control Transactions in Real-Time Sensing and Control Systems: Algorithms, Analysis, and Performance.
Integrating Topic and Latent Factors for Scalable Personalized Review-based Rating Prediction.
Learning Predictive Choice Models for Decision Optimization.
Building a Rule-Based Classifier&#x2014;A Fuzzy-Rough Set Approach.
Guest Editors' Introduction Enabling Technology for Knowledge-Based Systems Development.
Cascade of Distributed and Cooperating Firewalls in a Secure Data Network.
Alternating Hashing for Expansible Files.
An Approach to Mobile Software Robots for the WWW.
Data Semantics for Improving Retrieval Performance of Digital News Video Systems.
Adaptive Structuring of Binary Search Trees Using Conditional Rotations.
Efficient Monitoring Algorithm for Fast News Alerts.
In-Place Reconstruction of Version Differences.
A Deductive Spreadsheet System for End Users.
Continuous Detour Queries in Spatial Networks.
Experience with Rule Induction and k-Nearest Neighbor Methods for Interface Agents that Learn.
Using Tries to Eliminate Pattern Collisions in Perfect Hashing.
Set Reconciliation via Counting Bloom Filters.
Generative Models for Item Adoptions Using Social Correlation.
Relational Database Systems with Zero Information Loss.
Side-Effect Estimation: A Filtering Approach to the View Update Problem.
A Temporal Pattern Search Algorithm for Personal History Event Visualization.
K-Means+ID3: A Novel Method for Supervised Anomaly Detection by Cascading K-Means Clustering and ID3 Decision Tree Learning Methods.
The ROSE Data Manager: Using Object Technology to Support Interactive Engineering Applications.
The Adaptive Clustering Method for the Long Tail Problem of Recommender Systems.
C-TREND: Temporal Cluster Graphs for Identifying and Visualizing Trends in Multiattribute Transactional Data.
Using Graphics Processors for High Performance SimRank Computation.
Guest Editorial Introduction to the Special Section on the 16th International Conference on Data Engineering.
Scalable Color Image Indexing and Retrieval Using Vector Wavelets.
Efficient Algorithm for Localized Support Vector Machine.
A Myopic Approach to OrderingNodes for Parameter Elicitationin Bayesian Belief Networks.
Online Random Shuffling of Large Database Tables.
Determining Semantic Similarity among Entity Classes from Different Ontologies.
Document Clustering Using Locality Preserving Indexing.
Moving E-Commerce with PIVOTS: Private Information Viewing Offering Total Safety.
Delta Abstractions: A Technique for Managing Database States in Runtime Debugging of Active Database Rules.
Benchmarking Data Exchange among Semantic-Web Ontologies.
Correction to 'Integrating Security and Real-Time Requirements Using Covert Channel Capacity'.
Automatic Discovery of Personal Name Aliases from the Web.
Joint Structural Learning to Rank with Deep Linear Feature Learning.
Efficient Phrase-Based Document Indexing for Web Document Clustering.
Persistently Cached B-Trees.
Cross-Platform Identification of Anonymous Identical Users in Multiple Social Media Networks.
An Effective and Efficient Exact Match Retrieval Scheme for Symbolic Image Database Systems Based on Spatial Reasoning: A Logarithmic Search Time Approach.
A Variational Bayesian Framework for Clustering with Multiple Graphs.
Detecting, Assessing and Monitoring Relevant Topics in Virtual Information Environments.
Dynamic Query Forms for Database Queries.
Security of Tzeng's Time-Bound Key Assignment Scheme for Access Control in a Hierarchy.
Visual Assessment of Clustering Tendency for Incomplete Data.
Resource Scheduling In A High-Performance Multimedia Server.
On the 'Dimensionality Curse' and the 'Self-Similarity Blessing'.
Progressive Parametric Query Optimization.
Techniques and Systems for Image and Video Retrieval.
On Weight Design of Maximum Weighted Likelihood and an Extended EM Algorithm.
A Graphical Query Language: VISUAL and Its Query Processing.
Secure Data Deduplication with Dynamic Ownership Management in Cloud Storage.
Regression Cubes with Lossless Compression and Aggregation.
Learning by Discovering Problem Solving Heuristics Through Experience.
Patch Alignment for Dimensionality Reduction.
Maintaining Recursive Views of Regions and Connectivity in Networks.
A Highly Effective Partition Selection Policy for Object Database Garbage Collection.
Ranking on Data Manifold with Sink Points.
Spatial Join Processing Using Corner Transformation.
An Object-Oriented Database System Jasmine: Implementation, Application, and Extension.
ACIRD: Intelligent Internet Document Organization and Retrieval.
Capture, Integration, and Analysis of Digital System Requirements with Conceptual Graphs.
An Evaluation of the Robustness of MTS for Imbalanced Data.
NATERGM: A Model for Examining the Role of Nodal Attributes in Dynamic Social Media Networks.
Bregman Divergence-Based Regularization for Transfer Subspace Learning.
A Requirements Driven Framework for Benchmarking Semantic Web Knowledge Base Systems.
A System for Approximate Tree Matching.
State of the Transactions Editorial.
A Fast Clustering-Based Feature Subset Selection Algorithm for High-Dimensional Data.
Efficiently Estimating Statistics of Points of Interests on Maps.
Efficient Keyword-Based Search for Top-K Cells in Text Cube.
Efficient Determination of Distance Thresholds for Differential Dependencies.
On the Design and Applicability of Distance Functions in High-Dimensional Data Space.
Credible Case-Based Inference Using Similarity Profiles.
An Architectural Framework for CKBS Applications.
Clustering and Sequential Pattern Mining of Online Collaborative Learning Data.
Discovery of Context-Specific Ranking Functions for Effective Information Retrieval Using Genetic Programming.
THESUS, a Closer View on Web Content Management Enhanced with Link Semantics.
Default Logic as a Query Language.
Privacy-Preserving Distributed Mining of Association Rules on Horizontally Partitioned Data.
Learning Label-Specific Features and Class-Dependent Labels for Multi-Label Classification.
Parallelizing Itinerary-Based KNN Query Processing in Wireless Sensor Networks.
A Generalized Definition of Rough Approximations Based on Similarity.
Quality-Aware Subgraph Matching Over Inconsistent Probabilistic Graph Databases.
Finding Patterns in Three-Dimensional Graphs: Algorithms and Applications to Scientific Data Mining.
Workflow Mining: Discovering Process Models from Event Logs.
On the Spectral Characterization and Scalable Mining of Network Communities.
An Efficient Multiversion Access STructure.
High-Order Pattern Discovery from Discrete-Valued Data.
Query Merging: Improving Query Subscription Processing in a Multicast Environment.
Managing Evolving Uncertainty in Trajectory Databases.
Query Processing Using Distance Oracles for Spatial Networks.
Using OODB Modeling to Partition a Vocabulary in Structurally and Semantically Uniform Concept Groups.
Image Retrieval Using Multiple Evidence Ranking.
Online Discovery of Gathering Patterns over Trajectories.
A Simple Message-Optimal Algorithm for Random Sampling from a Distributed Stream.
A Survey of Indexing Techniques for Scalable Record Linkage and Deduplication.
A Computationally Tractable Nonmonotonic Logic.
Editorial.
Extensions to SQL for Historical Databases.
Enhancing Access Privacy of Range Retrievals over (&#120121;<sup>+</sup>)-Trees.
Peer-to-Peer in Metric Space and Semantic Space.
An Implementation of the CORDRA Architecture Enhanced for Systematic Reuse of Learning Objects.
Closed Constrained Gradient Mining in Retail Databases.
P2P Reputation Management Using Distributed Identities and Decentralized Recommendation Chains.
Dealing with the Expert Inconsistency in Probability Elicitation.
Harnessing Folksonomies to Produce a Social Classification of Resources.
A Semantic Web-Based Approach to Knowledge Management for Grid Applications.
Minimizing Bandwidth Requirements for On-Demand Data Delivery.
Adaptive Join Operators for Result Rate Optimization on Streaming Inputs.
Cooperative Media Data Streaming with Scalable Video Coding.
Heuristics-Based Query Processing for Large RDF Graphs Using Cloud Computing.
Facilitating Document Annotation Using Content and Querying Value.
Analysis and Comparison of Declustering Schemes for Interactive Navigation Queries.
Resilient and Coherence Preserving Dissemination of Dynamic Data Using Cooperating Peers.
An Alternative Paradigm for Scalable On-Demand Applications: Evaluating and Deploying the Interactive Multimedia Jukebox.
Mobile Advertising in Capacitated Wireless Networks.
Organizing User Search Histories.
Recommendation Method for Improving Customer Lifetime Value.
An Object-Oriented Fuzzy Data Model for Similarity Detection in Image Databases.
Signaling Potential Adverse Drug Reactions from Administrative Health Databases.
A Scalable Approach to Integrating Heterogeneous Aggregate Views of Distributed Databases.
Integrating K-Means Clustering with a Relational DBMS Using SQL.
AML: Efficient Approximate Membership Localization within a Web-Based Join Framework.
Protecting Respondents' Identities in Microdata Release.
Analysis of the Probability of Transaction Abort and Throughput of Two Timestamp Ordering Algorithms for Database Systems.
T-Drive: Enhancing Driving Directions with Taxi Drivers' Intelligence.
WebCompanion: A Friendly Client-Side Web Prefetching Agent.
A Transparent Schema-Evolution System Based on Object-Oriented View Technology.
Coherence Approach to Logic Program Revision.
Clustering Data Streams: Theory and Practice.
Active Integrity Constraints for Database Consistency Maintenance.
Dirichlet Process Mixture Model for Document Clustering with Feature Partition.
Incremental Recomputation of Active Relational Expressions.
Reverse Nearest Neighbors in Unsupervised Distance-Based Outlier Detection.
Foreword - Knowledge and Data Engineering: An Outlook.
Indexing Earth Mover's Distance over Network Metrics.
Measuring Similarity Based on Link Information: A Comparative Study.
Citation Networks and the Emergence of Knowledge Core.
Improving Availability and Performance with Application-Specific Data Replication.
MAP-JOIN-REDUCE: Toward Scalable and Efficient Data Analysis on Large Clusters.
An Instance-Weighting Method to Induce Cost-Sensitive Trees.
DDD: A New Ensemble Approach for Dealing with Concept Drift.
An Efficient Technique for Nearest-Neighbor Query Processing on the SPY-TEC.
IDR/QR: An Incremental Dimension Reduction Algorithm via QR Decomposition.
Dictionary: A New Access Method for Query Processing in Object-Oriented Databases.
Efficient Cluster Labeling for Support Vector Clustering.
Video Data Mining: Semantic Indexing and Event Detection from the Association Perspective.
Hierarchical Indexing Structure for Efficient Similarity Search in Video Retrieval.
Efficient Indexing Methods for Temporal Relations.
Federation in Cloud Data Management: Challenges and Opportunities.
Logic-Based Pattern Discovery.
Active Learning without Knowing Individual Instance Labels: A Pairwise Label Homogeneity Query Approach.
Nearest Surrounder Queries.
Exact Top-K Queries in Wireless Sensor Networks.
Occurrence-Oriented Design Strategy for Developing Business Process Monitoring Systems.
Moving Selections into Linear Least Fixpoint Queries.
Performance Analysis of Dynamic Finite Versioning Schemes: Storage Cost vs. Obsolescence.
Efficient Algorithms for Summarizing Graph Patterns.
The Gamma Database Machine Project.
State of the Journal Editorial.
SAX Discretization Does Not Guarantee Equiprobable Symbols.
LINQ: A Framework for Location-Aware Indexing and Query Processing.
Incremental Learning of Concept Drift from Streaming Imbalanced Data.
Incremental Syntactic Parsing of Natural Language Corpora with Simple Synchrony Networks.
Tweet Segmentation and Its Application to Named Entity Recognition.
Socio-Spatial Group Queries for Impromptu Activity Planning.
Efficient All Top-$(k)$ Computation - A Unified Solution for All Top-$(k)$, Reverse Top-$(k)$ and Top-$(m)$ Influential Queries.
External Sorting: Run Formation Revisited.
A Generalized Temporal Role-Based Access Control Model.
An Approach to Designing Very Fast Approximate String Matching Algorithms.
Aggregating Crowdsourced Quantitative Claims: Additive and Multiplicative Models.
On Learning of Choice Models with Interactive Attributes.
Continuous Clustering of Moving Objects.
A Hybrid Estimator for Selectivity Estimation.
EIC Editorial: TKDE Editorial Board Changes.
Agents in a Nutshell - A Very Brief Introduction.
Structured Dimensionality Reduction for Additive Model Regression.
Main Memory Database Systems: An Overview.
A Flexible Approach to Finding Representative Pattern Sets.
Reducing the Storage Requirements of a Perfect Hash Function.
Frame-Sliced Signature Files.
Effective and Efficient Dimensionality Reduction for Large-Scale and Streaming Data Preprocessing.
Effective Classification Using a Small Training Set Based on Discretization and Statistical Analysis.
Deep Learning of Transferable Representation for Scalable Domain Adaptation.
Subspace Based Network Community Detection Using Sparse Linear Coding.
FOCS: Fast Overlapped Community Search.
Holistic Top-k Simple Shortest Path Join in Graphs.
A Survey of Languages for Specifying Dynamics: A Knowledge Engineering Perspective.
A Database Perspective on Geospatial Data Modeling.
Data Leakage Detection.
Minimal State Space Search in Parallel Production Systems.
Guest Editors' Introduction.
Discovery of Temporal Associations in Multivariate Time Series.
Introducing Time into RDF.
An Efficient Indefiniteness Inference Scheme in Indefinite Deductive Databases.
A Hybrid Representation of Vague Collections for Distributed Object Management Systems.
Near-Optimal Algorithms for Controlling Propagation at Group Scale on Networks.
KDA: A Knowledge-Base Database Assistant with a Query Guiding Facility.
Probabilistic Sequence Translation-Alignment Model for Time-Series Classification.
Real-Time Semiparametric Regression for Distributed Data Sets.
Advances in Feedforward Neural Networks: Demystifying Knowledge Acquiring Black Boxes.
Discovering the k Representative Skyline Over a Sliding Window.
Mining Discriminative Patterns for Classifying Trajectories on Road Networks.
Domains and Active Domains: What This Distinction Implies for the Estimation of Projection Sizes in Relational Databases.
Multi-View Concept Learning for Data Representation.
DiploCloud: Efficient and Scalable Management of RDF Data in the Cloud.
Knowledge Processing in Control Systems.
Simultaneous Pattern and Data Clustering for Pattern Cluster Analysis.
Entropy Optimized Feature-Based Bag-of-Words Representation for Information Retrieval.
Beyond Redundancies: A Metric-Invariant Method for Unsupervised Feature Selection.
k-Anonymization with Minimal Loss of Information.
Superseding Nearest Neighbor Search on Uncertain Spatial Databases.
Efficient Data Mining for Path Traversal Patterns.
Database Management with Sequence Trees and Tokens.
Efficient Reverse Top-k Boolean Spatial Keyword Queries on Road Networks.
Performance Analysis of Parallel Query Processing Algorithms for Object-Oriented Databases.
An Enhanced Concurrency Control Scheme for Multidimensional Index Structures.
E-DEVICE: An Extensible Active Knowledge Base System with Multiple Rule Type Support.
Reliability Estimation During Prototyping of Knowledge-Based Systems.
Learning Users' Interests by Quality Classification in Market-Based Recommender Systems.
Scalable Probabilistic Similarity Ranking in Uncertain Databases.
Cluster-Oriented Ensemble Classifier: Impact of Multicluster Characterization on Ensemble Classifier Learning.
Automatic Composition Techniques for Video Production.
Efficient Service Skyline Computation for Composite Service Selection.
Rough-Fuzzy MLP: Modular Evolution, Rule Generation, and Evaluation.
TEMPOS: A Platform for Developing Temporal Applications on Top of Object DBMS.
A Multilayered Self-Organizing Artificial Neural Network for Invariant Pattern Recognition.
Adaptive Index Utilization in Memory-Resident Structural Joins.
Top-k Preferences in High Dimensions.
Query Analytics over Probabilistic Databases with Unmerged Duplicates.
Precision-Bounded Access Control Using Sliding-Window Query Views for Privacy-Preserving Data Streams.
Optimizing Vote and Quorum Assignments for Reading and Writing Replicated Data.
Prefix-Adaptive and Time-Sensitive Personalized Query Auto Completion.
Toward Efficient Filter Privacy-Aware Content-Based Pub/Sub Systems.
A Graph-Oriented Object Database Model.
Knowledge Discovery by Inductive Neural Networks.
Towards an Effective XML Keyword Search.
Data Partition and Parallel Evaluation of Datalog Programs.
Using Incremental PLSI for Threshold-Resilient Online Event Analysis.
Dual Sentiment Analysis: Considering Two Sides of One Review.
Sparsity Learning Formulations for Mining Time-Varying Data.
Finite Satisfiability of Integrity Constraints in Object-Oriented Database Schemas.
Efficient Cost Models for Spatial Queries Using R-Trees.
An Extended Petri Net Model for Normal Logic Programs.
Editorial.
ADMS: A Testbed for Incremental Access Methods.
Editorial.
Clustering Based on Enhanced $(\alpha)$-Expansion Move.
Multimodal Fusion for Video Search Reranking.
Agglomerative Mean-Shift Clustering.
epsilon-SSVR: A Smooth Support Vector Machine for epsilon-Insensitive Regression.
A Development Environment for an Object Specification Language.
RRW - A Robust and Reversible Watermarking Technique for Relational Data.
A Link Analysis Extension of Correspondence Analysis for Mining Relational Databases.
Random Walks to Identify Anomalous Free-Form Spatial Scan Windows.
Preserving Privacy by De-Identifying Face Images.
Efficient Cache-Supported Path Planning on Roads.
A Generalized Flow-Based Method for Analysis of Implicit Relationships on Wikipedia.
Maximum Ambiguity-Based Sample Selection in Fuzzy Decision Tree Induction.
A Unifying Framework for Detecting Outliers and Change Points from Time Series.
Organizing and Understanding Beliefs in Advice-Giving Diagnostic Systems.
The Management of Probabilistic Data.
Correction to a Footnote in "Theoretical and Practical Considerations of Uncertainty and Complexity in Automated Knowledge Acquisition".
Top-Down Parameter-Free Clustering of High-Dimensional Categorical Data.
Learning Functions Using Randomized Genetic Code-Like Transformations: Probabilistic Properties and Experimentations.
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification Using Sentiment Sensitive Embeddings.
An Efficient Path Computation Model for Hierarchically Structured Topographical Road Maps.
Scalable Algorithms for Nearest-Neighbor Joins on Big Trajectory Data.
Propositional Logic Constraint Patterns and Their Use in UML-Based Conceptual Modeling and Analysis.
An Exact Data Mining Method for Finding Center Strings and All Their Instances.
Efficient Techniques for Online Record Linkage.
A User-Friendly Patent Search Paradigm.
Introducing a Family of Linear Measures for Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
Indexing Techniques for Queries on Nested Objects.
Trace-Oriented Feature Analysis for Large-Scale Text Data Dimension Reduction.
A Family of Joint Sparse PCA Algorithms for Anomaly Localization in Network Data Streams.
On-Line Clustering.
Product Schema Integration for Electronic Commerce - A Synonym Comparison Approach.
Global Viewing of Heterogeneous Data Sources.
Efficient Graph Similarity Search Over Large Graph Databases.
Toward Unsupervised Correlation Preserving Discretization.
Robust Module-Based Data Management.
A Survey of Web Information Extraction Systems.
Temporal Probabilistic Object Bases.
Differential Relational Calculus for Integrity Maintenance.
Efficiently Supported Temporal Granularities.
A New Dynamic Rule Activation Method for Extended Belief Rule-Based Systems.
Efficient Subgraph Isomorphism Detection: A Decomposition Approach.
Supporting Movement Pattern Queries in User-Specified Scales.
Efficient, Energy Conserving Transaction Processing in Wireless Data Broadcast.
An Energy-Efficient and Access Latency Optimized Indexing Scheme for Wireless Data Broadcast.
Guest Editors' Introduction to Part I of the Special Section on Data and Knowledge Management in Multimedia Systems.
Clustering Large Probabilistic Graphs.
BestPeer++: A Peer-to-Peer BasedLarge-Scale Data Processing Platform.
Knowledge Accumulation and Resolution of Data Inconsistencies during the Integration of Microbial Information Sources.
Comments on 'Hash-Based and Index-Based Join Algorithms for Cube and Ring Connected Multicomputers'.
Sort versus Hash Revisited.
MAgNET: Mobile Agents for Networked Electronic Trading.
Managing Structured and Semistructured RDF Data Using Structure Indexes.
Fast Best-Effort Search on Graphs with Multiple Attributes.
Multidimensional Declustering Schemes Using Golden Ratio and Kronecker Sequences.
Facilitating Effective User Navigation through Website Structure Improvement.
Multi-Output Regularized Feature Projection.
Making Digital Artifacts on the Web Verifiable and Reliable.
Discovering Characterizations of the Behavior of Anomalous Subpopulations.
Focal-Test-Based Spatial Decision Tree Learning.
A Review and Future Perspectives of Arabic Question Answering Systems.
Efficiently Indexing Large Sparse Graphs for Similarity Search.
Energy- and Latency-Efficient Processing of Full-Text Searches on a Wireless Broadcast Stream.
Editorial [2012 &amp; 2013 Associate Editors].
Authenticated Subgraph Similarity Searchin Outsourced Graph Databases.
Fast Detection of XML Structural Similarity.
Hierarchical Case-Based Reasoning Integrating Case-Based and Decompositional Problem-Solving Techniques for Plant-Control Software Design.
OVID: Design and Implementation of a Video-Object Database System.
Transaction Processing in Multilevel Secure Databases with Kernelized Architectures: Challenges and Solutions.
Mining User-Aware Rare Sequential Topic Patterns in Document Streams.
Causal Knowledge Elicitation Based on Elicitation Failures.
Query Planning for Continuous Aggregation Queries over a Network of Data Aggregators.
Continuous Monitoring of Distance-Based Range Queries.
EDISC: A Class-Tailored Discretization Technique for Rule-Based Classification.
Logical Structure Analysis and Generation for Structured Documents: A Syntactic Approach.
Saturn: Range Queries, Load Balancing and Fault Tolerance in DHT Data Systems.
On Three Types of Covering-Based Rough Sets.
Rank Aggregation for Automatic Schema Matching.
Proxies for Shortest Path and Distance Queries.
Decision Trees for Mining Data Streams Based on the Gaussian Approximation.
Logic and Computational Complexity for Boolean Information Retrieval.
Effective Reformulations for Task Allocation in Distributed Systems with a Large Number of Communicating Tasks.
Optimal Allocation for Partially Replicated Database Systems on Ring Networks.
Reducing Redundancy in Subspace Clustering.
Projective Clustering by Histograms.
A Generalized Version Space Learning Algorithm for Noisy and Uncertain Data.
Editorial: Results of TKDE's 1995 Readership Survey.
Efficient Sensitivity Analysis for Inequality Queries in Probabilistic Databases.
Cross-Domain Sentiment Classification Using a Sentiment Sensitive Thesaurus.
Towards and Art and Science of Knowledge Engineering.
Introduction to the Special Issue on Database Prototype Systems.
Deriving Protocol Models from Imperfect Service Conversation Logs.
Editorial: Two Named to Editorial of IEEE Transactions on Knowledge and Data Engineering.
Consistent Schema Version Removal: An Optimization Technique for Object-Oriented Views.
Particle Competition and Cooperation in Networks for Semi-Supervised Learning.
Deadline Assignment and Feedback Control for Differentiated Real-Time Data Services.
A Flexible Ontology Reasoning Architecture for the Semantic Web.
Feature Subset Selection and Feature Ranking for Multivariate Time Series.
Guest Editor's Introduction: The Fifth International Conference on Data Engineering (1989).
Rule Acquiring Expert Controllers.
Incremental Information Extraction Using Relational Databases.
Streaming Time Series Summarization Using User-Defined Amnesic Functions.
A Logical Framework for Querying and Repairing Inconsistent Databases.
An Exact Closed-Form Formula for d-Dimensional Quadtree Decomposition of Arbitrary Hyperrectangles.
Real-Time City-Scale Taxi Ridesharing.
Processing Moving Queries over Moving Objects Using Motion-Adaptive Indexes.
Modeling and Analysis of a Time-Stamp History Based Certification Protocol for Concurrency Control.
An Efficient Formulation of the Improved Visual Assessment of Cluster Tendency (iVAT) Algorithm.
Association Rule Hiding.
Fast Online EM for Big Topic Modeling.
Handling Discovered Structure in Database Systems.
The Query Language Vizla.
Development and Application of Expert System in Audit Services.
Distributed Skyline Retrieval with Low Bandwidth Consumption.
Hiding Sequential and Spatiotemporal Patterns.
Optimal Lot Sizing Policies For Sequential Online Auctions.
All-Distances Sketches, Revisited: HIP Estimators for Massive Graphs Analysis.
Personalized Web Search For Improving Retrieval Effectiveness.
Query Optimization in Multidatabase Systems Considering Schema Conflicts.
The Dynamic Bloom Filters.
Rotational Linear Discriminant Analysis Technique for Dimensionality Reduction.
Decompositional Rule Extraction from Support Vector Machines by Active Learning.
Minimum Spanning Tree Partitioning Algorithm for Microaggregation.
SHAPES: A Novel Approach for Learning Search Heuristics in Under-Constrained Optimization Problems.
A Dynamic Manifestation Approach for Providing Universal Access to Digital Library Objects.
Knowledge Representation Using Fuzzy Petri Nets - Revisited.
Managing Diverse Sentiments at Large Scale.
Efficiently Querying Large XML Data Repositories: A Survey.
A Formalism and Method for Representing and Reasoning with Process Models Authored by Subject Matter Experts.
HandsOn DB: Managing Data Dependencies Involving Human Actions.
Dynamic Personalized Recommendation on Sparse Data.
Fast Discovery and the Generalization of Strong Jumping Emerging Patterns for Building Compact and Accurate Classifiers.
Access to Indexed Hierarchical Databases Using a Relational Query Language.
Object-Based Directional Query Processing in Spatial Databases.
XPath Query Relaxation through Rewriting Rules.
Sample-Based Quality Estimation of Query Results in Relational Database Environments.
Improving Personalization Solutions through Optimal Segmentation of Customer Bases.
Higher Order Na&iuml;ve Bayes: A Novel Non-IID Approach to Text Classification.
Cooperative Multiagent Systems: A Personal View of the State of the Art.
Efficient and Accurate Discovery of Patterns in Sequence Data Sets.
A Binary String Approach for Updates in Dynamic Ordered XML Data.
Dynamic Taxonomies: A Model for Large Information Bases.
Index Selection for Databases: A Hardness Study and a Principled Heuristic Solution.
A Learning Approach to SQL Query Results Ranking Using Skyline and Users' Current Navigational Behavior.
Meshing Streaming Updates with Persistent Data in an Active Data Warehouse.
Learning to Adapt Web Information Extraction Knowledge and Discovering New Attributes via a Bayesian Approach.
A Distance Measure Approach to Exploring the Rough Set Boundary Region for Attribute Reduction.
INSPIRE: A Framework for Incremental Spatial Prefix Query Relaxation.
Caching on the World Wide Web.
Bayes Vector Quantizer for Class-Imbalance Problem.
A Critical-Time-Point Approach to All-Departure-Time Lagrangian Shortest Paths.
Mining Bucket Order-Preserving SubMatrices in Gene Expression Data.
Guest Editorial: Special Section on the International Conference on Data Engineering.
Semantic Conflict Resolution Ontology (SCROL): An Ontology for Detecting and Resolving Data and Schema-Level Semantic Conflicts.
A Cost-Based Approach to Adaptive Resource Management in Data Stream Systems.
Efficient Prediction of Difficult Keyword Queries over Databases.
Development of a Bayesian Framework for Determining Uncertainty in Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve Estimates.
Frame-Based Ontology Population with PIKES.
&#955;-Diverse Nearest Neighbors Browsing for Multidimensional Data.
Network Caching Strategies for a Shared Data Distribution for a Predefined Service Demand Sequence.
An Automated Framework for Incorporating News into Stock Trading Strategies.
Online Bagging and Boosting for Imbalanced Data Streams.
On the Complexity of View Update Analysis and Its Application to Annotation Propagation.
Object-Oriented Databases: Definition and Research Directions.
A Logical Formulation of Probabilistic Spatial Databases.
Active Learning for Ranking through Expected Loss Optimization.
Modeling the Probability of a Strikeout for a Batter/Pitcher Matchup.
Calculating Salience and Breath of Knowledge.
Incremental Computation of Set Difference Views.
Rule-Based System Validation through Automatic Identification of Equivalence Classes.
Crowdsourcing for Top-K Query Processing over Uncertain Data.
Part-Whole Relationship Categories and Their Application in Object-Oriented Analysis.
Mining Asynchronous Periodic Patterns in Time Series Data.
K-Join: Knowledge-Aware Similarity Join.
Privacy-Preserving Outsourced Media Search.
Time-Constrained Query Processing in CASE-DB.
The Query Clustering Problem: A Set Partitioning Approach.
Making Aggregation Work in Uncertain and Probabilistic Databases.
Irregular Indeterminate Repeated Facts in Temporal Relational Databases.
Best Keyword Cover Search.
Efficient Management of Materialized Generalized Transitive Closure in Centralized and Parallel Environments.
A Look-Ahead Approach to Secure Multiparty Protocols.
Generating Broadcast Programs that Support Range Queries.
On Mining Instance-Centric Classification Rules.
A Graph Theoretical Approach to Determine a Join Reducer Sequence in Distributed Query Processing.
Data Mining: An Overview from a Database Perspective.
The Yin/Yang Web: A Unified Model for XML Syntax and RDF Semantics.
Histograms and Wavelets on Probabilistic Data.
Semantic Caching and Query Processing.
Semantic Modeling and Knowledge Representation in Multimedia Databases.
Processing of Continuous Location-Based Range Queries on Moving Objects in Road Networks.
Optimizing Resource Conflicts in Workflow Management Systems.
Pincer-Search: An Efficient Algorithm for Discovering the Maximum Frequent Set.
Efficient Join-Index-Based Spatial-Join Processing: A Clustering Approach.
The Implementation of Postgres.
Differential Privacy via Wavelet Transforms.
Co-Evolution of Multi-Typed Objects in Dynamic Star Networks.
Protection of Database Security via Collaborative Inference Detection.
Automatic Text Categorization and Its Application to Text Retrieval.
Proof of the Correctness of EMYCIN Sequential Propagation Under Conditional Independence Assumptions.
Effective Generation of Data Broadcast Schedules with Different Allocation Numbers for Multiple Wireless Channels.
Continuous Nearest Neighbor Queries over Sliding Windows.
A Framework for Learning in Search-Based Systems.
Workflow and End-User Quality of Service Issues in Web-Based Education.
The PSTR/SNS Scheme for Real-Time Fault Tolerance via Active Object Replication and Network Surveillance.
Contraflow Transportation Network Reconfiguration for Evacuation Route Planning.
Hierarchical Error Detection in a Software Implemented Fault Tolerance (SIFT) Environment.
Guest Editorial: Introduction to the Special Section.
Identifying the Most Connected Vertices in Hidden Bipartite Graphs Using Group Testing.
Forecasting the Next Shot Location in Tennis Using Fine-Grained Spatiotemporal Tracking Data.
A Novel Pipeline Approach for Efficient Big Data Broadcasting.
The Subgraph Bisimulation Problem.
Resampling-Based Ensemble Methods for Online Class Imbalance Learning.
Fuzzy Logic - A Modern Perspective.
ImageMap: An Image Indexing Method Based on Spatial Similarity.
On the Expressive Power of the Relational Algebra on Finite Sets of Relation Pairs.
iJADE Web-Miner: An Intelligent Agent Framework for Internet Shopping.
A Modified Chi2 Algorithm for Discretization.
Site and Query Scheduling Policies in Multicomputer Database Systems.
Disk-Based Management of Interaction Graphs.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Section on Intelligent Data Preparation.
Efficient Processing of Uncertain Events in Rule-Based Systems.
Efficient Notification of Meeting Points for Moving Groups via Independent Safe Regions.
Anomalous Window Discovery for Linear Intersecting Paths.
Beyond Independence: Probabilistic Models for Query Approximation on Binary Transaction Data.
Static Analysis of Logical Languages with Deferred Update Semantics.
Distance-Based Detection and Prediction of Outliers.
Automatically Mining Facets for Queries from Their Search Results.
Index Organizations for Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Conceptual Transaction Modeling.
Combining Join and Semi-Join Operations for Distributed Query Processing.
Toward the Optimal Itinerary-Based KNN Query Processing in Mobile Sensor Networks.
Efficient Tree Structures for High Utility Pattern Mining in Incremental Databases.
Scalable Semi-Supervised Learning by Efficient Anchor Graph Regularization.
Decentralized Probabilistic Text Clustering.
Result Merging Technique for Answering XPath Query over XSLT Transformed Data.
Energy Efficient Schemes for Accuracy-Guaranteed Sensor Data Aggregation Using Scalable Counting.
 Bounded Disorder File Organization.
TopicMachine: Conversion Prediction in Search Advertising Using Latent Topic Models.
Locking Protocols for Materialized Aggregate Join Views.
A Multidimensional Sequence Approach to Measuring Tree Similarity.
Eliciting Consumer Preferences Using Robust Adaptive Choice Questionnaires.
Multi-Label Neural Networks with Applications to Functional Genomics and Text Categorization.
Completely Lazy Learning.
Using a Relational Database System to Support Explanation in a Knowledge-Based System.
Decomposition of Knowledge for Concurrent Processing.
Automatic Ontology Matching via Upper Ontologies: A Systematic Evaluation.
Artificial Intelligence and Financial Services.
Multilevel Extendible Hashing: A File Structure for Very Large Databases.
BTM: Topic Modeling over Short Texts.
Random Projection-Based Multiplicative Data Perturbation for Privacy Preserving Distributed Data Mining.
Range Aggregate Processing in Spatial Databases.
Temporal Workload-Aware Replicated Partitioning for Social Networks.
Alpha-Level Aggregation: A Practical Approach to Type-1 OWA Operation for Aggregating Uncertain Information with Applications to Breast Cancer Treatments.
Pareto-Based Dominant Graph: An Efficient Indexing Structure to Answer Top-K Queries.
Label Propagation through Linear Neighborhoods.
MKBoost: A Framework of Multiple Kernel Boosting.
Translation Initiation Sites Prediction with Mixture Gaussian Models in Human cDNA Sequences.
Random k-Labelsets for Multilabel Classification.
Causal Maps: Theory, Implementation, and Practical Applications in Multiagent Environments.
Knowledge-Based Search in Competitive Domains.
Annotating Search Results from Web Databases.
Making the Knowledge Base System More Efficient: A Method to Detect Inconsistent Queries.
Supervised Multiple Kernel Embedding for Learning Predictive Subspaces.
Probabilistic Model and Optimal Reorganization of B+-Tree with Physical Clustering.
Evaluating the Effectiveness of Personalized Web Search.
A Cocktail Approach for Travel Package Recommendation.
Toward Exploratory Test-Instance-Centered Diagnosis in High-Dimensional Classification.
Global Scheduling for Flexible Transactions in Heterogeneous Distributed Database Systems.
Editorial.
EIC Editorial.
An Integrated Data Preparation Scheme for Neural Network Data Analysis.
Probabilistic Group Nearest Neighbor Queries in Uncertain Databases.
Using Fuzzy Linguistic Representations to Provide Explanatory Semantics for Data Warehouses.
Multicampaign Assignment Problem.
On Computing Mobile Agent Routes for Data Fusion in Distributed Sensor Networks.
Explicit Graphs in a Functional Model for Spatial Databases.
Alternative Interest Measures for Mining Associations in Databases.
An Algebraic Theory of Object-Oriented Systems.
Blocking Reduction Strategies in Hierarchical Text Classification.
Efficient Algorithms for Large-Scale Temporal Aggregation.
Global Optimization for Satisfiability (SAT) Problem.
Anomaly Detection for Discrete Sequences: A Survey.
Rule-Based Method for Entity Resolution.
Simple Strategies to Encode Tree Automata in Sigmoid Recursive Neural Networks.
Diagnosis Code Assignment Using Sparsity-Based Disease Correlation Embedding.
A Knowledge-Driven Approach to Activity Recognition in Smart Homes.
Integrity Constraints in the Information Source Tracking Method.
A Comment on "A Similarity Measure for Text Classification and Clustering".
Hierarchical Sampling for Multi-Instance Ensemble Learning.
Semantic Knowledge-Based Framework to Improve the Situation Awareness of Autonomous Underwater Vehicles.
Novel Online Methods for Time Series Segmentation.
Principles for Organizing Semantic Relations in Large Knowledge Bases.
Ranking Model Adaptation for Domain-Specific Search.
Induction of Rules Subject to a Quality Constraint: Probabilistic Inductive Learning.
A Normalization Framework for Multimedia Databases.
An Evolutionary Multiobjective Approach for Community Discovery in Dynamic Networks.
Reverse Nearest Neighbors in Large Graphs.
TKDE 20(12) (December 2008) EIC Editorial: State of the Transactions.
A New Approach to the Design of Reinforcement Schemes for Learning Automata: Stochastic Estimator Learning Algorithms.
Indexing Valid Time Databases via B<sup>+</sup>-Trees.
Constructing Suffix Tree for Gigabyte Sequences with Megabyte Memory.
A Blocking Framework for Entity Resolution in Highly Heterogeneous Information Spaces.
Editorial: TKDE Topic Area Revisions.
BibPro: A Citation Parser Based on Sequence Alignment.
Temporal Triggers in Active Databases.
Cost-Sensitive Online Classification.
Energy Efficient Data Access in Mobile P2P Networks.
Co-Extracting Opinion Targets and Opinion Words from Online Reviews Based on the Word Alignment Model.
SlashBurn: Graph Compression and Mining beyond Caveman Communities.
A Deductive Environment for Dealing with Objects and Nonmonotonic Reasoning.
A Data/Knowledge Paradigm for the Modeling and Design of Operations Support Systems.
A Reconstruction Error Based Framework for Multi-Label and Multi-View Learning.
Low-Rank Kernel Matrix Factorization for Large-Scale Evolutionary Clustering.
Continuous Retrieval of Multimedia Data Using Parallelism.
Improving Construction of Conditional Probability Tables for Ranked Nodes in Bayesian Networks.
Deductive Approximate Reasoning Systems.
A Context-Based Word Indexing Model for Document Summarization.
Making the Threshold Algorithm Access Cost Aware.
A Balanced Hierarchical Data Structure for Multidimensional Data with Highly Efficient Dynamic Characteristics.
Logic-Based Query Optimization for Object Databases.
Detecting Word Substitutions in Text.
DEMON: Mining and Monitoring Evolving Data.
Nonlinear Metric Learning with Kernel Density Estimation.
The Piazza Peer Data Management System.
Analysis of Data Structures for Admission Control of Advance Reservation Requests.
Continuous Similarity-Based Queries on Streaming Time Series.
A Statistical Method for Estimating the Usefulness of Text Databases.
ASEP: A Secure and Flexible Commit Protocol for MLS Distributed Database Systems.
Chain-Split Evaluation in Deductive Databases.
Using Memetic Algorithm for Instance Coreference Resolution.
Manifold Adaptive Experimental Design for Text Categorization.
Fuzzy Orders-of-Magnitude-Based Link Analysis for Qualitative Alias Detection.
Bipart: Learning Block Structurefor Activity Detection.
Content-Based Image Retrieval Based on a Fuzzy Approach.
Finding Localized Associations in Market Basket Data.
Embedable Problem-Solving Architectures: A Study of Integrating OPS5 with UMass GBB.
Approximate Algorithms for Computing Spatial Distance Histograms with Accuracy Guarantees.
Software Fault Prediction Using Quad Tree-Based K-Means Clustering Algorithm.
Searching Dimension Incomplete Databases.
Hierarchical Spatio-Temporal Pattern Discovery and Predictive Modeling.
Scalable Temporal Latent Space Inference for Link Prediction in Dynamic Social Networks.
A Personal Chronicle: Creating Better Information Systems, with Some Guiding Principles.
A Survey of Temporal Knowledge Discovery Paradigms and Methods.
Storage Efficient Replicated Databases.
A Novel Bayes Model: Hidden Naive Bayes.
Database Migration: A New Architecture for Transaction Processing in Broadband Networks.
Simple Hybrid and Incremental Postpruning Techniques for Rule Induction.
A Hybrid Replica Control Algorithm Combining Static and Dynamic Voting.
Interpretable Hierarchical Clustering by Constructing an Unsupervised Decision Tree.
t-Closeness through Microaggregation: Strict Privacy with Enhanced Utility Preservation.
Conceptual Database Evolution Through Learning in Object Databases.
KBA: Kernel Boundary Alignment Considering Imbalanced Data Distribution.
Feature Reduction via Generalized Uncorrelated Linear Discriminant Analysis.
WebGuard: A Web Filtering Engine Combining Textual, Structural, and Visual Content-Based Analysis.
Discovering Team Structures in Soccer from Spatiotemporal Data.
A Fuzzy-Logic Based Bidding Strategy for Autonomous Agents in Continuous Double Auctions.
Efficient Iceberg Query Evaluation Using Compressed Bitmap Index.
Privacy Preserving Policy-Based Content Sharing in Public Clouds.
An Approach for Modeling and Analysis of Security System Architectures.
Temporal Synchronization Models for Multimedia Data.
From Association to Classification: Inference Using Weight of Evidence.
Semantic Access to Multichannel M-Services.
A Bayesian Classification Approach Using Class-Specific Features for Text Categorization.
Constraint-Based Query Evaluation in Deductive Databases.
The Role of Artificial Intelligence in Understanding the Strategic Decision-Making Process.
A Hybrid Model for the Prediction of the Linguistic Origin of Surnames.
Localized Outlying and Boundary Data Detection in Sensor Networks.
Resolving Database Incompatibility: An Approach to Performing Relational Operations over Mismatched Domains.
Using Reconfiguration for Efficient Management of Replicated Data.
Trust Evolution: Modeling and Its Applications.
A Foreword to Knowledge and Data Engineering.
A High-Level Petri Net for Goal-Directed Semantics of Horn Clause Logic.
Synchronization-Inspired Partitioning and Hierarchical Clustering.
Comparing Data Streams Using Hamming Norms (How to Zero In).
Population-Based Learning: A Method for Learning from Examples Under Resource Constraints.
Successive Group Selection for Microaggregation.
Reasoning about Uniqueness Constraints in Object Relational Databases.
Experience Transfer for the Configuration Tuning in Large-Scale Computing Systems.
Spatial Query Integrity with Voronoi Neighbors.
Correction to "Inference of Regular Expressions for Text Extraction from Examples".
Benchmarking Attribute Selection Techniques for Discrete Class Data Mining.
Computing Exact Skyline Probabilities for Uncertain Databases.
The Composite Data Model: A Unified Approach for Combining and Querying Multiple Data Models.
Optimization of Parallel Execution for Multi-Join Queries.
A Knowledge-Based Environment for Modeling and Simulating Software Engineering Processes.
Versatile Size-$l$ Object Summariesfor Relational Keyword Search.
Geo-Social K-Cover Group Queries for Collaborative Spatial Computing.
Discovering Urban Functional ZonesUsing Latent Activity Trajectories.
Describing Database Objects in a Concept Language Environment.
Communities and Emerging Semantics in Semantic Link Network: Discovery and Learning.
Topological Invariants for Lines.
Anonymizing Collections of Tree-Structured Data.
Centroid Ratio for a Pairwise Random Swap Clustering Algorithm.
A Taxonomy of Similarity Mechanisms for Case-Based Reasoning.
Order Structure of Symbolic Assertion Objects.
Latent Structured Perceptrons for Large-Scale Learning with Hidden Information.
Knowledge-Based Approaches to Scheduling Problems: A Survey.
TBSAM: An Access Method for Efficient Processing of Statistical Queries.
A Two-Level Topic Model Towards Knowledge Discovery from Citation Networks.
Transfer across Completely Different Feature Spaces via Spectral Embedding.
MULS: A General Framework of Providing Multilevel Service Quality in Sequential Data Broadcasting.
Mining Social Emotions from Affective Text.
An Unsupervised Feature Selection Framework for Social Media Data.
What Makes Patterns Interesting in Knowledge Discovery Systems.
On the Use of Conceptual Reconstruction for Mining Massively Incomplete Data Sets.
Resource Discovery in a European Spatial Data Infrastructure.
Trigger Inheritance and Overriding in an Active Object Database System.
Aggregate Nearest Neighbor Queries in Road Networks.
Partial Indexing for Nonuniform Data Distributions in relational DBMS's.
Large Margin Distribution Learning with Cost Interval and Unlabeled Data.
Swarm Fuzzy Systems: Knowledge Acquisition in Fuzzy Systems and Its Applications in Grid Computing.
Region-Based Foldings in Process Discovery.
A Machine Learning Approach for Identifying Disease-Treatment Relations in Short Texts.
Feature Selection via Discretization.
A Software Engineering Methodology for Rule-Based Systems.
Non-Negative Matrix Factorization for Semisupervised Heterogeneous Data Coclustering.
Scheduling Algorithms for the Broadcast Delivery of Digital Products.
Incentive Compatible Privacy-Preserving Data Analysis.
The Discrete Basis Problem.
A Virtual Ring Method for Building Small-World Structured P2P Overlays.
Acquisition of Linguistic Patterns for Knowledge-Based Information Extraction.
System M: A Transaction Processing Testbed for Memory Resident Data.
RODS: Rarity based Outlier Detection in a Sparse Coding Framework.
Multiobjective Neural Network Ensembles Based on Regularized Negative Correlation Learning.
Answering Why-Not Questions on Top-K Queries.
Distributed Optimistic Concurrency Control Methods for High-Performance Transaction Processing.
Automata for the Assessment of Knowledge.
Selecting Attributes for Sentiment Classification Using Feature Relation Networks.
Effective and Efficient: Large-Scale Dynamic City Express.
Conflicts to Harmony: A Framework for Resolving Conflicts in Heterogeneous Data by Truth Discovery.
Rights Protection for Discrete Numeric Streams.
Four Decades of Data Mining in Network and Systems Management.
Effective and Efficient Query Processing for Video Subsequence Identification.
Updating Distributed Materialized Views.
Feature Selection Using f-Information Measures in Fuzzy Approximation Spaces.
Private Over-Threshold Aggregation Protocols over Distributed Datasets.
Proxy Cache Algorithms: Design, Implementation, and Performance.
Valid-Time Indeterminacy in Temporal Relational Databases: Semantics and Representations.
GHIC: A Hierarchical Pattern-Based Clustering Algorithm for Grouping Web Transactions.
Optimizing Multiway Joins in a Map-Reduce Environment.
Building Probabilistic Networks: "Where Do the Numbers Come From?" Guest Editors Introduction.
A Nonsupervised Learning Framework of Human Behavior Patterns Based on Sequential Actions.
Online Skyline Analysis with Dynamic Preferences on Nominal Attributes.
Focus Groups as a Knowledge Elicitation Technique: An Exploratory Survey.
CLASP: Integrating Term Subsumption Systems and Production Systems.
RACOG and wRACOG: Two Probabilistic Oversampling Techniques.
Structuring Knowledge In Vague Domains.
Trinity: On Using Trinary Trees for Unsupervised Web Data Extraction.
Join Index Hierarchy: An Indexing Structure for Efficient Navigation in Object-Oriented Databases.
On Sort-Merge Algorithm for Band Joins.
A Study of the Neighborhood Counting Similarity.
Towards Systematic Contruction of Diagnostic Systems for Large Industrial Plants: Methods, Languages, and Tools.
Learning Contextual Dependency Network Models for Link-Based Classification.
Domain-Sensitive Recommendation with User-Item Subgroup Analysis.
Goal-Directed Reasoning with ACE-SSM.
Conflict-Aware Weighted Bipartite B-Matching and Its Application to E-Commerce.
Interactive Correction and Recommendation for Computer Language Learning and Training.
On the Upper Bounds of Spread for Greedy Algorithms in Social Network Influence Maximization.
Maximum Likelihood Estimation from Uncertain Data in the Belief Function Framework.
Evaluation and Optimization of Query Programs in an Object-Oriented and Symbolic Information System.
A New Dependency and Correlation Analysis for Features.
Clustering and Summarizing Protein-Protein Interaction Networks: A Survey.
Pattern Similarity Search in Genomic Sequences.
Comparing Relationships in Conceptual Modeling: Mapping to Semantic Classifications.
Mining User Queries with Markov Chains: Application to Online Image Retrieval.
SwiftRule: Mining Comprehensible Classification Rules for Time Series Analysis.
Representing Knowledge by Neural Networks for Qualitative Analysis and Reasoning.
An Efficient Inductive Learning Method for Object-Oriented Database Using Attribute Entropy.
Online and Non-Parametric Drift Detection Methods Based on Hoeffding's Bounds.
Domain-Specific Web Search with Keyword Spices.
SuiteSound: A System for Distributed Collaborative Multimedia.
Online Ensemble Learning of Data Streams with Gradually Evolved Classes.
Software Metrics Knowledge and Databases for Project Management.
Cascading Spatio-Temporal Pattern Discovery.
Spatial Approximate String Search.
Objective-Driven Monitoring for Broadband Networks.
Self-Stabilizing Real-Time OPS5 Production Systems.
An Authorization Model for a Distributed Hypertext System.
Efficient Online Summarization of Large-Scale Dynamic Networks.
Improved Practical Matrix Sketching with Guarantees.
A Scalable Low-Latency Cache Invalidation Strategy for Mobile.
Incremental Recovery in Main Memory Database Systems.
Graft: An Efficient Graphlet Counting Method for Large Graph Analysis.
Interactive Visualization of Large Data Sets.
Large Join Optimization on a Hypercube Multiprocessor.
A Network Level Channel Abstraction for Multimedia Communication in Real-Time Networks.
The Design, Implementation, and Performance Evaluation of BERMUDA.
A Survey of XML Tree Patterns.
Variable Independence in Constraint Databases.
Surfing the Network for Ranking by Multidamping.
Segmentation and Sampling of Moving Object Trajectories Based on Representativeness.
Parallel Star Join + DataIndexes: Efficient Query Processing in Data Warehouses and OLAP.
A Tree-Based Data Perturbation Approach for Privacy-Preserving Data Mining.
On Satisfiability, Equivalence, and Impication Problems Involving Conjunctive Queries in Database Systems.
Scalability Analysis of Declustering Methods for Multidimensional Range Queries.
Scalable Iterative Graph Duplicate Detection.
Authentication of Moving Top-k Spatial Keyword Queries.
An Efficient File Structure for Document Retrieval in the Automated Office Environment.
Secure Databases: Constraints, Inference Channels, and Monitoring Disclosures.
The NUMA with Clusters of Processors for Parallel Join.
A Multi-Granularity Locking Model for Concurrency Control in Object-Oriented Database Systems.
Discovering Data Set Nature through Algorithmic Clustering Based on String Compression.
On Coupling Multiple Systems With A Global Buffer.
Comparison of Database Replication Techniques Based on Total Order Broadcast.
Cost-Constrained Data Acquisition for Intelligent Data Preparation.
Clustering Uncertain Data Using Voronoi Diagrams and R-Tree Index.
FoCUS: Learning to Crawl Web Forums.
Text Classification without Negative Examples Revisit.
Clustering of Count Data Using Generalized Dirichlet Multinomial Distributions.
Cluster Analysis for Gene Expression Data: A Survey.
Abstract-Driven Pattern Discovery in Databases.
A Trusted Subject Architecture for Multilevel Secure Object-Oriented Databases.
A Performance Comparison of Locking Methods with Limited Wait Depth.
A Framework for Join Pattern Indexing in Intelligent Database Systems.
Finding Correlated Biclusters from Gene Expression Data.
On Using Partial Supervision for Text Categorization.
Bayes-Optimal Hierarchical Multilabel Classification.
On the Signature Tree Construction and Analysis.
Comparable Entity Mining from Comparative Questions.
Distributional Features for Text Categorization.
Multiversion Locking Protocol with Freezing for Secure Real-Time Database Systems.
Programming with Logical Queries, Bulk Updates, and Hypothetical Reasoning.
A Content-Based Authorization Model for Digital Libraries.
Semisupervised Clustering with Metric Learning using Relative Comparisons.
Privacy Preserving Decision Tree Learning Using Unrealized Data Sets.
Algorithms for Distributed Query Processing in Broadcast Local Area Networks.
A Theory of Translation From Relational Queries to Hierarchical Queries.
Warehouse Creation - A Potential Roadblock to Data Warehousing.
Optimal Multi-Meeting-Point Route Search.
Ranked Reverse Nearest Neighbor Search.
Natural Language Grammatical Inference with Recurrent Neural Networks.
The Strong Partial Transitive-Closure Problem: Algorithms and Performance Evaluation.
Top-k Spatio-Textual Similarity Join.
Adaptation Regularization: A General Framework for Transfer Learning.
Extended XML Tree Pattern Matching: Theories and Algorithms.
T-Finder: A Recommender System for Finding Passengers and Vacant Taxis.
Temporal Data Management Systems: A Comparative View.
Random-Walk Computation of Similarities between Nodes of a Graph with Application to Collaborative Recommendation.
New EIC Editorial.
Mining and Reasoning on Workflows.
A Multilayer Perceptron Solution to the Match Phase Problem in Rule-Based Artificial Intelligence Systems.
Mining Frequent Itemsets without Support Threshold: With and without Item Constraints.
Experimentation with Local Consensus Ontologies with Implications for Automated Service Composition.
On the Complexity of Distributed Query Optimization.
A Practical and Effective Sampling Selection Strategy for Large Scale Deduplication.
Lossless Selection Views under Conditional Domain Constraints.
Theoretical and Practical Considerations of Uncertainty and Complexity in Automated Knowledge Acquisition.
The Prediction of Venture Capital Co-Investment Based on Structural Balance Theory.
Heuristic Approaches for the Quartet Method of Hierarchical Clustering.
Integrating Heuristic Knowledge and Optimization Models for Communications Network Design.
Program Transformations for Asynchronous and Batched Query Submission.
A Segmentation and Graph-Based Video Sequence Matching Method for Video Copy Detection.
Toward Efficient Multifeature Query Processing.
TRIP: An Interactive Retrieving-Inferring Data Imputation Approach.
Semantic Computing of Moods Based on Tags in Social Media of Music.
Efficient Parallel Processing of Distance Join Queries Over Distributed Graphs.
A Foundation for Conventional and Temporal Query Optimization Addressing Duplicates and Ordering.
Analyzing Outliers Cautiously.
Optimal Models of Disjunctive Logic Programs: Semantics, Complexity, and Computation.
Hybrid Generative/Discriminative Approaches for Proportional Data Modeling and Classification.
The Use of Integrated Organization and Information Systems Models in Building and Delivering Business Applications.
Multi-View Clustering Based on Belief Propagation.
Data Stream Clustering With Affinity Propagation.
TKDE Guidelines for Survey Papers.
Editorial: Revisiting the (Machine) Semantic Web: The Missing Layers for the Human Semantic Web.
The Design of Efficient Algorithms for Two-Dimensional Pattern Matching.
Effective Data Mining Using Neural Networks.
A New Algorithm for Inferring User Search Goals with Feedback Sessions.
Designing Access Methods for Bitemporal Databases.
XSPath: Navigation on XML Schemas Made Easy.
Trustworthiness Management in the Social Internet of Things.
Knowledge Fusion for Probabilistic Generative Classifiers with Data Mining Applications.
Using Rule Ontology in Repeated Rule Acquisition from Similar Web Sites.
Prospective Infectious Disease Outbreak Detection Using Markov Switching Models.
A Family of Rank Similarity Measures Based on Maximized Effectiveness Difference.
An Improved Algorithm for Implication Testing Involving Arithmetic Inequalities.
Practical Approximate k Nearest Neighbor Queries with Location and Query Privacy.
Evaluating Refined Queries in Top-k Retrieval Systems.
Progressive Duplicate Detection.
Improved Greedy Algorithms for Sparse Approximation of a Matrix in Terms of Another Matrix.
Anonymous Publication of Sensitive Transactional Data.
Resolving Multi-Party Privacy Conflicts in Social Media.
A Similarity Measure for Text Classification and Clustering.
Understanding Errors in Approximate Distributed Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
Active Trace Clustering for Improved Process Discovery.
Outer Joins and Filters for Instantiating Objects from Relational Databases Through Views.
Detecting Intrinsic Loops Underlying Data Manifold.
Atomic Broadcast in Asynchronous Crash-Recovery Distributed Systems and Its Use in Quorum-Based Replication.
Personalized Influential Topic Search via Social Network Summarization.
Editor-in-Chief Prefaces Special-Edition Tribute.
Dictionary-Based Compression for Long Time-Series Similarity.
Learning Object Models from Semistructured Web Documents.
Addendum to "Current Approaches to Handling Imperfect Information in Data and Knowledge Bases".
Hashing Methods for Temporal Data.
Aggregates in the Temporal Query Language TQuel.
A Lagrangian Approach for Multiple Personalized Campaigns.
Boosting Response Aware Model-Based Collaborative Filtering.
HARP: A Practical Projected Clustering Algorithm.
Graph Based Constrained Semi-Supervised Learning Framework via Label Propagation over Adaptive Neighborhood.
A Methodology to Retrieve Text Documents from Multiple Databases.
Crowdsourcing Enumeration Queries: Estimators and Interfaces.
Information-Theoretic Outlier Detection for Large-Scale Categorical Data.
Effective Determination of Mobile Agent Itineraries for Data Aggregation on Sensor Networks.
Adaptive and Incremental Processing for Distance Join Queries.
Beyond Millisecond Latency <i>k</i>NN Search on Commodity Machine.
A Modeling Technique for the Performance Analysis of Web Searching Applications.
An Effective GPU-Based Approach to Probabilistic Query Confidence Computation.
\(\mathsf{B}^{p}\) - \(\mathsf{Tree}\) : A Predictive \(\mathsf{B}^{+}\) - \(\mathsf{Tree}\) for Reducing Writes on Phase Change Memory.
Outsourced Similarity Search on Metric Data Assets.
A Browser for Large Knowledge Bases Based on a Hybrid Distributed/Local Connectionist Architecture.
HOCTracker: Tracking the Evolution of Hierarchical and Overlapping Communities in Dynamic Social Networks.
IMine: Index Support for Item Set Mining.
Unsupervised Selection of a Finite Dirichlet Mixture Model: An MML-Based Approach.
Effectively Indexing the Uncertain Space.
Evaluating Path Queries over Frequently Updated Route Collections.
HM: A Column-Oriented MapReduce System on Hybrid Storage.
Indexing High-Dimensional Data for Efficient In-Memory Similarity Search.
Iso-Map: Energy-Efficient Contour Mapping in Wireless Sensor Networks.
STAVIES: A System for Information Extraction from Unknown Web Data Sources through Automatic Web Wrapper Generation Using Clustering Techniques.
In Memoriam: Chittoor V. Ramamoorthy, PhD 1926-2016.
Heterogeneous Databases: Proliferation, Issues, and Solutions.
Information Retrieval in Document Image Databases
Temporal Specialization and Generalization.
Query Optimization and Execution Plan Generation in Object-Oriented Data Management Systems.
Objective vs. Subjective Measures of Error-Proneness for Rule-Based Programs.
Mining Graph Topological Patterns: Finding Covariations among Vertex Descriptors.
A Rough Hypercuboid Approach for Feature Selection in Approximation Spaces.
Capturing Telic/Atelic Temporal Data Semantics: Generalizing Conventional Conceptual Models.
Joint Search by Social and Spatial Proximity.
Using Punctuation Schemes to Characterize Strategies for Querying over Data Streams.
Transfer Learning with Graph Co-Regularization.
A Pure Nash Equilibrium-Based Game Theoretical Method for Data Replication across Multiple Servers.
An Efficient Clustering Scheme to Exploit Hierarchical Data in Network Traffic Analysis.
Static and Dynamic Structural Correlations in Graphs.
Transaction Processing in Mobile, Heterogeneous Database Systems.
Dimensionality Reduction in Automatic Knowledge Acquisition: A Simple Greedy Search Approach.
Efficient Query Processing in Integrated Multiple Object Databases with Maybe Result Certification.
Test Strategies for Cost-Sensitive Decision Trees.
A Probabilistic Approach to String Transformation.
Novel Biobjective Clustering (BiGC) Based on Cooperative Game Theory.
The Hierarchical Degree-of-Visibility Tree.
The Moving K Diversified Nearest Neighbor Query.
Analysis of the Clustering Properties of the Hilbert Space-Filling Curve.
Incremental Evolving Domain Adaptation.
Web-Page Recommendation Based on Web Usage and Domain Knowledge.
Visual Exploration of Large Relational Data Sets through 3D Projections and Footprint Splatting.
Outlier Mining in Large High-Dimensional Data Sets.
Deterministic Column-Based Matrix Decomposition.
Knowledge Representation for Natural Language Understanding: The L<sub>LILOG</sub> Approach.
Notes on Concurrent Engineering.
Overlapping Community Detection Using Neighborhood-Inflated Seed Expansion.
EIC Editorial: Introducing the New Editor-in-Chief and Four New Associate Editors.
A Survey on Context Learning.
Label Distribution Learning.
Production Systems with Negation as Failure.
A Distributed Learning Algorithm for Bayesian Inference Networks.
A Deductive Object-Oriented Database System for Situated Inference in Law.
Efficient Remote Data Possession Checking in Critical Information Infrastructures.
Adlet: An Active Document Abstraction for Multimedia Information Fusion.
Efficient Approximate Query Processing in Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Discovering Transitional Patterns and Their Significant Milestones in Transaction Databases.
Processing and Evaluating Partial Tree Pattern Queries on XML Data.
Approximation Bounds for Minimum Information Loss Microaggregation.
Integrating Linguistic Primitives in Learning Context-Dependent Representation.
Self-Learning Disk Scheduling.
To Select or To Weigh: A Comparative Study of Linear Combination Schemes for SuperParent-One-Dependence Estimators.
Efficient Revalidation of XML Documents.
Optimized Cartesian K-Means.
Trends in Databases: Reasoning and Mining.
Incremental Maintenance of the Minimum Bisimulation of Cyclic Graphs.
Directory Reference Patterns in Hierarchical File Systems.
Topic Signature Language Models for Ad hoc Retrieval.
Controlled Generation of Intensional Answers.
A Configurable Rete-OO Engine for Reasoning with Different Types of Imperfect Information.
Multiresolution Web Link Analysis Using Generalized Link Relations.
A Qualitative Discriminant Approach for Generating Quantitative Belief Functions.
A Dual Framework and Algorithms for Targeted Online Data Delivery.
First-Order Logic Characterization of Program Properties.
Role Discovery in Networks.
Knowledge Discovery in Deductive Databases with Large Deduction Results: the First Step.
A Case Study of Applying Boosting Naive Bayes to Claim Fraud Diagnosis.
Applying Automatically Derived Gene-Groups to Automatically Predict and Refine Metabolic Pathways.
Fast Activity Detection: Indexing for Temporal Stochastic Automaton-Based Activity Models.
k-Anonymity in the Presence of External Databases.
An&oacute;nimos: An LP-Based Approach for Anonymizing Weighted Social Network Graphs.
Computation and Monitoring of Exclusive Closest Pairs.
Dynamic Configuration Management in Reliable Distributed Real-Time Information Systems.
The Impact of Optics on Data and Knowledge Base Systems.
GFilter: A General Gram Filter for String Similarity Search.
A Method for Putting Common Sense into an Expert Systems.
Discovering Frequent Generalized Episodes When Events Persist for Different Durations.
Monochromatic and Bichromatic Reverse Top-k Queries.
A Compact and Accurate Model for Classification.
An Error-Resilient and Tunable Distributed Indexing Scheme for Wireless Data Broadcast.
Shortest Path Computing in Relational DBMSs.
Foreword to the First Issue.
Efficient Identification of Local Keyword Patterns in Microblogging Platforms.
Introducing New Advisory Board and Editorial Board Members.
Investigating the Applicability of Petri Nets for Rule-Based System Verification.
A Framework for On-Demand Classification of Evolving Data Streams.
Dynamic Wavelet Synopses Management over Sliding Windows in Sensor Networks.
Discovering Activities to Recognize and Track in a Smart Environment.
A Performance Study of Robust Load Sharing Strategies for Distributed Heterogeneous Web Server Systems.
Combating the Small Sample Class Imbalance Problem Using Feature Selection.
A Form-Based Natural Language Front-End to a CIM Database.
An Unsupervised Approach for Person Name Bipolarization Using Principal Component Analysis.
Evaluation of Edge Caching/Offloading for Dynamic Content Delivery.
Transductive Multilabel Learning via Label Set Propagation.
Tuning On-Air Signatures for Balancing Performance and Confidentiality.
Declarative Framework for Specification, Simulation and Analysis of Distributed Applications.
Correction to ``Continual Queries for Internet Scale Event-Driven Information Delivery''.
Discovering and Exploiting Causal Dependencies for Robust Mobile Context-Aware Recommenders.
Reusing Analogous Components.
Discovering Frequent Closed Partial Orders from Strings.
Maximum Weighted Likelihood via Rival Penalized EM for Density Mixture Clustering with Automatic Model Selection.
Efficient Skyline and Top-k Retrieval in Subspaces.
Classification and Adaptive Novel Class Detection of Feature-Evolving Data Streams.
Efficient Sentinel Mining Using Bitmaps on Modern Processors.
Using Evolutionary Algorithms for Defining the Sampling Policy of Complex N-Partite Networks.
Incorporating Social Role Theory into Topic Models for Social Media Content Analysis.
Holistic Measures for Evaluating Prediction Models in Smart Grids.
Algorithms for Finding Attribute Value Group for Binary Segmentation of Categorical Databases.
Optimizing Similarity Search for Arbitrary Length Time Series Queries.
Gold Standard Evaluation of Ontology Learning Methods through Ontology Transformation and Alignment.
Formalizing an Engineering Approach to Cooperating Knowledge-Based Systems.
Automatic Identification of Informative Sections of Web Pages.
Efficient Extended Boolean Retrieval.
Semantics of Ranking Queries for Probabilistic Data.
Editorial: TKDE Editorial Board Changes.
Efficient Top-k Retrieval on Massive Data.
Fast and Effective Retrieval of Medical Tumor Shapes.
Hardware-Enhanced Association Rule Mining with Hashing and Pipelining.
QUEM: An Achievement Test for Knowledge-Based Systems.
The Concentration of Fractional Distances.
Efficient Duplication Free and Minimal Keyword Search in Graphs.
Simulated Annealing Using a Reversible Jump Markov Chain Monte Carlo Algorithm for Fuzzy Clustering.
An Exploration of Relationships Among Exclusive Disjunctive Data.
Continuous Top-k Dominating Queries.
Logical Organization of Knowledge with Inconsistent and Undecidable Algorithms Using Imaginary and Transfinite Exponential Number Forms in a Non-Boolean Field: Part One - Basic Principles.
Design and Evaluation of a Scalable and Reliable P2P Assisted Proxy for On-Demand Streaming Media Delivery.
Personalized Recommendation Combining User Interest and Social Circle.
Vectorization of a Generalized Procedure for Theorem Proving in Propositional Logic on Vector Computers.
Parallel Optimization of Large Join Queries with Set Operators and Aggregates in a Parallel Environment Supporting Pipeline.
A Semantics-Based Approach for Speech Annotation of Images.
Trace Ratio Optimization-Based Semi-Supervised Nonlinear Dimensionality Reduction for Marginal Manifold Visualization.
Improving Aggregate Recommendation Diversity Using Ranking-Based Techniques.
Rule Ordering in Bottom-Up Fixpoint Evaluation of Logic Programs.
Competitor Mining with the Web.
Interoperability Support between MPEG-7/21 and OWL in DS-MIRF.
Slicing: A New Approach for Privacy Preserving Data Publishing.
On Graph Features of Semantic Web Schemas.
Duplicate Record Detection: A Survey.
State-Space Optimization of ETL Workflows.
Computing Structural Statistics by Keywords in Databases.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Self-Organizing Knowledge and Data Representation in Distributed Environment.
Testing Expert Systems in Process Control.
PAM: An Efficient and Privacy-Aware Monitoring Framework for Continuously Moving Objects.
Feature Extraction Based on ICA for Binary Classification Problems.
Compiling Conceptual Graphs.
Nearest Keyword Set Search in Multi-Dimensional Datasets.
SVStream: A Support Vector-Based Algorithm for Clustering Data Streams.
Inference-Based Na&iuml;ve Bayes: Turning Na&iuml;ve Bayes Cost-Sensitive.
Supporting Flexible, Efficient, and User-Interpretable Retrieval of Similar Time Series.
Relevance Feature Discovery for Text Mining.
A Pattern Mining Approach to Sensor-Based Human Activity Recognition.
A Study of Concurrency Control in Real-Time, Active Database Systems.
Self-Tuning of the Relationships among Rules' Components in Active Databases Systems.
Optimization and Evaluation of Disjunctive Queries.
Implementation of Tabled Evaluation with Delaying in Prolog.
Privacy-Preserving Indoor Localization on Smartphones.
Knowledge-Based Interactive Postmining of Association Rules Using Ontologies.
Dynamic Programming in Datalog with Aggregates.
Reorganizing Knowledge to Improve Performance.
Adapting to User Interest Drift for POI Recommendation.
Use of Analytical Performance Models for System Sizing and Resource Allocation in Interactive Video-on-Demand Systems Employing Data Sharing Techniques.
Learning Conditional Preference Networks from Inconsistent Examples.
Virtual Denormalization via Array Index Reference for Main Memory OLAP.
Extending SQL with General Transitive Closure and Extreme Value Selections.
Heterogeneous Transformation of Uncertainties of Propositions Among Inexact Reasoning Models.
Data Consistency in Intermittently Connected Distributed Systems.
Using AUC and Accuracy in Evaluating Learning Algorithms.
Beyond Single-Page Web Search Results.
Alternative Correctness Criteria for Concurrent Execution of Transactions in Multilevel Secure Databases.
Query Expansion by Mining User Logs.
Efficient Classification across Multiple Database Relations: A CrossMine Approach.
The LDL System Prototype.
Querying Multimedia Presentations Based on Content.
Temporal Data Clustering via Weighted Clustering Ensemble with Different Representations.
Interval-Based Conceptual Models for Time-Dependent Multimedia Data.
A New Uncertainty Measure for Belief Networks with Applications to Optimal Evidential Inferencing.
A Support Vector Machine with a Hybrid Kernel and Minimal Vapnik-Chervonenkis Dimension.
Semiautomatic Acquisition of Semantic Structures for Understanding Domain-Specific Natural Language Queries.
Improving Bayesian Network Structure Learning with Mutual Information-Based Node Ordering in the K2 Algorithm.
Update Summarization via Graph-Based Sentence Ranking.
Semantics, Consistency, and Query Processing of Empirical Deductive Databases.
Efficient Computation of Range Aggregates against Uncertain Location-Based Queries.
A Graph-Based Data Model and its Ramifications.
Toward Intelligent Assistance for a Data Mining Process: An Ontology-Based Approach for Cost-Sensitive Classification.
A Basic Mathematical Framework for Conceptual Graphs.
Effective Pattern Discovery for Text Mining.
Exact In-Network Aggregation with Integrity and Confidentiality.
ADOME: An Advanced Object Modeling Environment.
A Link-Based Cluster Ensemble Approach for Categorical Data Clustering.
Expert Finding for Question Answering via Graph Regularized Matrix Completion.
Maximal Biclique Subgraphs and Closed Pattern Pairs of the Adjacency Matrix: A One-to-One Correspondence and Mining Algorithms.
Asynchronous Chain Recursions.
Privacy-Preserving Computation of Bayesian Networks on Vertically Partitioned Data.
Errata Corrige on "Modeling and Computing Ternary Projective Relations between Regions".
Efficient Skyline Computation in Structured Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Fast Top-K Path-Based Relevance Query on Massive Graphs.
Debiasing Training Data for Inductive Expert System Construction.
Future Trends in Database Systems.
The Tiled Bitmap Forensic Analysis Algorithm.
Mapping XML to a Wide Sparse Table.
Techniques for Efficient Road-Network-Based Tracking of Moving Objects.
NNexus: An Automatic Linker for Collaborative Web-Based Corpora.
BMQ-Processor: A High-Performance Border-Crossing Event Detection Framework for Large-Scale Monitoring Applications.
Design Independent Query Interfaces.
Constructing a New-Style Conceptual Model of Brain Data for Systematic Brain Informatics.
Community Mining from Signed Social Networks.
Frequent Substructure-Based Approaches for Classifying Chemical Compounds.
The Role of Polymorphic Reuse Mechanisms in Schema Evolution in an Object-Oriented Database.
Effective Collaboration with Information Sharing in Virtual Universities.
LH*G: A High-Availability Scalable Distributed Data Structure By Record Grouping.
An Adaptive Approach to Real-Time Aggregate Monitoring With Differential Privacy.
An Information Theoretic Approach to Rule Induction from Databases.
Indexing the Solution Space: A New Technique for Nearest Neighbor Search in High-Dimensional Space.
Group Enclosing Queries.
Multiview Semi-Supervised Learning with Consensus.
Task Trail: An Effective Segmentation of User Search Behavior.
Service Quality Evaluation by Exploring Social Users' Contextual Information.
Estimating Block Selectivities for Physical Database Design.
Probabilistic Reverse Nearest Neighbor Queries on Uncertain Data.
Discovery of Periodic Patterns in Spatiotemporal Sequences.
The Past is Not a Foreign Country: Detecting Semantically Similar Terms across Time.
Optimizing Main-Memory Join on Modern Hardware.
Bottom-Up Extraction and Trust-Based Refinement of Ontology Metadata.
Distributed $k$ -Core View Materializationand Maintenance for Large Dynamic Graphs.
R++: Adding Path-Based Rules to C++.
Customizing Transaction Models and Mechanisms in a Programmable Environment Supporting Reliable Workflow Automation.
Exploiting Punctuation Semantics in Continuous Data Streams.
A Foreword to Knowledge and Data Engineering.
PMSE: A Personalized Mobile Search Engine.
Tracking Temporal Community Strength in Dynamic Networks.
Booster in High Dimensional Data Classification.
Pattern-based Topics for Document Modelling in Information Filtering.
Toward the Automatic Extraction of Policy Networks Using Web Links and Documents.
A G-Net Model for Knowledge Representation and Reasoning.
Buffer Queries.
Efficient Multidimensional Suppression for K-Anonymity.
Nested Monte Carlo EM Algorithm for Switching State-Space Models.
Applying Semantic Knowledge to Real-Time Update of Access Control Policies.
A Survival Modeling Approach to Biomedical Search Result Diversification Using Wikipedia.
Social Recommendation with Cross-Domain Transferable Knowledge.
Semisupervised Learning of Hierarchical Latent Trait Models for Data Visualization.
Entity Translation Mining from Comparable Corpora: Combining Graph Mapping with Corpus Latent Features.
Design and Implementation of an Intrusion Response System for Relational Databases.
Inference of Security Hazards from Event Composition Based on Incomplete or Uncertain Information.
Grid Service Discovery with Rough Sets.
Efficient Distributed Density Peaks for Clustering Large Data Sets in MapReduce.
An Algebra for Probabilistic Databases.
Specifying and Enforcing Association Semantics via ORN in the Presence of Association Cycles.
Category-Based Infidelity Bounded Queries over Unstructured Data Streams.
A Knowledge Representation Model for Multiuser Knowledge-Based Systems.
Using Object Deputy Model to Prepare Data for Data Warehousing.
A Statistical Model for User Preference.
Using Proximity Search to Estimate Authority Flow.
Ontology-Based Service Representation and Selection.
Schema Matching Using Interattribute Dependencies.
Analysis of Range Queries and Self-Spatial Join Queries on Real Region Datasets Stored Using an R-Tree.
Utilizing Page-Level Join Index for Optimization in Parallel Join Execution.
Materialized Sample Views for Database Approximation.
Extending Recommender Systems for Disjoint User/Item Sets: The Conference Recommendation Problem.
IDD: A Supervised Interval Distance-Based Method for Discretization.
Connectionist Expert System with Adaptive Learning Capability.
Relationships between Diversity of Classification Ensembles and Single-Class Performance Measures.
Enhancing Knowledge Discovery via Association-Based Evolution of Neural Logic Networks.
Fourier Domain Scoring: A Novel Document Ranking Method.
Fast In-Place Verification of Data Dependencies.
Online Feature Selection with Group Structure Analysis.
Cross-Space Affinity Learning with Its Application to Movie Recommendation.
Conic Programming for Multitask Learning.
Approximate Processing of Massive Continuous Quantile Queries over High-Speed Data Streams.
Introduction to the Domain-Driven Data Mining Special Section.
Guest editorial: Special section on the international conference on data engineering.
PriGuard: A Semantic Approach to Detect Privacy Violations in Online Social Networks.
ENIGMA: A System That Learns Diagnostic Knowledge.
Learning to Find Topic Experts in Twitter via Different Relations.
From Data Properties to Evidence.
Hierarchical Taxonomy Preparation for Text Categorization Using Consistent Bipartite Spectral Graph Copartitioning.
When Does Cotraining Work in Real Data?
A Survey of Heterogeneous Information Network Analysis.
Algorithms for Asynchronous Parallel Processing of Object-Oriented Databases.
Subgraph Matching with Set Similarity in a Large Graph Database.
Competitive Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
Diversified Hidden Markov Models for Sequential Labeling.
Mining Web Graphs for Recommendations.
Disputant Relation-Based Classification for Contrasting Opposing Views of Contentious News Issues.
RDFS(FA): Connecting RDF(S) and OWL DL.
Discovering Conditional Functional Dependencies.
Extending Existing Dependency Theory to Temporal Databases.
Connectionist Password Quality Tester.
A Taxonomy Learning Method and Its Application to Characterize a Scientific Web Community.
Approximate Shortest Distance Computing: A Query-Dependent Local Landmark Scheme.
Mining Optimized Association Rules with Categorical and Numeric Attributes.
Editorial.
Large Margin Feature Weighting Method via Linear Programming.
Economics-Driven Data Management: An Application to the Design of Tabular Data Sets.
A Reasoning System of Ternary Projective Relations.
Supporting Pattern-Preserving Anonymization for Time-Series Data.
A Query Approach for Influence Maximization on Specific Users in Social Networks.
An Efficient Algorithm to Compute Differences between Structured Documents.
Formal Specification of Geographic Data Processing Requirements.
Finding Interesting Patterns Using User Expectations.
Fast Algorithms for Frequent Itemset Mining Using FP-Trees.
Textually Relevant Spatial Skylines.
Effective Online Group Discovery in Trajectory Databases.
Accurate and Reliable Diagnosis and Classification Using Probabilistic Ensemble Simplified Fuzzy ARTMAP.
Reassessing Top-Down Join Enumeration.
Stock Selection with a Novel Sigmoid-Based Mixed Discrete-Continuous Differential Evolution Algorithm.
An UpDown Directed Acyclic Graph Approach for Sequential Pattern Mining.
Discovering Colocation Patterns from Spatial Data Sets: A General Approach.
Constructing Communication Subgraphs and Deriving an Optimal Synchronization Interval for Distributed Virtual Environment Systems.
Efficient Enforcement of Action-Aware Purpose-Based Access Control within Relational Database Management Systems.
A Protocol for Establishing Secure Communication Channels in a Large Network.
A K-Main Routes Approach to Spatial Network Activity Summarization.
Efficient Causality-Tracking Timestamping.
An Efficient Algorithm for Mutual Exclusion Using Queue Migration in Computer Networks.
HeteSim: A General Framework for Relevance Measure in Heterogeneous Networks.
A Decision-Theoretic Framework for Numerical Attribute Value Reconciliation.
Halite: Fast and Scalable Multiresolution Local-Correlation Clustering.
Relevance-Based Retrieval on Hidden-Web Text Databases without Ranking Support.
Case Generation Using Rough Sets with Fuzzy Representation.
Structure-Preserving Subgraph Query Services.
Voronoi Cell-Based Clustering Using a Kernel Support.
Materialization and Its Metaclass Implementation.
VENUS: A System for Streamlined Graph Computation on a Single PC.
A Relation-Based Search Engine in Semantic Web.
Online Learning from Trapezoidal Data Streams.
Using Constraints for Efficient Query Processing in Nondeterministic Databases.
Improving Classifier Performance Using Data with Different Taxonomies.
Introduction of New Associate Editors.
Authenticating Location-Based Skyline Queries in Arbitrary Subspaces.
Speculative Locking Protocols to Improve Performance for Distributed Database System.
Eliciting Knowledge and Transferring It Effectively to a Knowledge-Based System.
Mutual Information-Based Supervised Attribute Clustering for Microarray Sample Classification.
Kaleidoscope: A Cooperative Menu-Guided Query Interface (SQL Version).
Toward the Notion of a Knowledge Repository for Financial Risk Management.
Improving Collaborative Recommendation via User-Item Subgroups.
Curriculum Knowledge Representation and Manipulation in Knowledge-Based Tutoring Systems.
MAVE: Multilevel wrApper Verification systEm.
Approaches to Multisensor Data Fusion in Target Tracking: A Survey.
Ranking Instances by Maximizing the Area under ROC Curve.
Centroid-Based Actionable 3D Subspace Clustering.
Local Thresholding in GeneralNetwork Graphs.
Analyzing and Managing Role-Based Access Control Policies.
Extensions to Query Languages for Graph Traversal Problems.
Finding Aggregate Proximity Relationships and Commonalities in Spatial Data Mining.
PASS: A Parallel Activity-Search System.
Enhancing Data Analysis with Noise Removal.
Incremental Semi-Supervised Clustering Ensemble for High Dimensional Data Clustering.
Multiple Similarity Queries: A Basic DBMS Operation for Mining in Metric Databases.
Sample-Based Attribute Selective A<i>n</i> DE for Large Data.
D-Cache: Universal Distance Cache for Metric Access Methods.
Incremental, Online, and Merge Mining of Partial Periodic Patterns in Time-Series Databases.
Bias and Controversy in Evaluation Systems.
CoRE: A Context-Aware RelationExtraction Method for Relation Completion.
Cost-Based Predictive Spatiotemporal Join.
A Large Probabilistic Semantic Network Based Approach to Compute Term Similarity.
The Event Matching Language for Querying Temporal Data.
Adaptive Subspace Symbolization for Content-Based Video Detection.
Consistency Checking in Complex Object Database Schemata with Integrity Constraints.
A Graph Derivation Based Approach for Measuring and Comparing Structural Semantics of Ontologies.
Tries for Approximate String Matching.
Learning Concepts in Parallel Based upon the Strategy of Version Space.
Efficient Query Processing for a Subset of Linear Recursive Binary Rules.
Efficient and Progressive Algorithms for Distributed Skyline Queries over Uncertain Data.
Temporal and Real-Time Databases: A Survey.
Correction to "Mining Closed and Maximal Frequent Subtrees from Databases of Labeled Rooted Trees".
Multidimensional Vector Regression for Accurate and Low-Cost Location Estimation in Pervasive Computing.
Knowledge Transfer with Low-Quality Data: A Feature Extraction Issue.
On the Multiple-Query Optimization Problem.
A Note on ``Incomplete Relational Database Models Based on Intervals''.
VELOS: A New Approach for Efficiently Achieving High Availability in Partitioned Distributed Systems.
Block-Oriented Compression Techniques for Large Statistical Databases.
Efficient Mining of Intertransaction Association Rules.
G-Tree: An Efficient and Scalable Index for Spatial Search on Road Networks.
Contextual Operation for Recommender Systems.
Automatic Knowledge Acquisition and Maintenance for Semantic Query Optimization.
A MAC Policy Framework for Multilevel Relational Databases.
Integrating Security and Real-Time Requirements Using Covert Channel Capacity.
Compression and Aggregation for Logistic Regression Analysis in Data Cubes.
A Spatio-Temporal Semantic Model for Multimedia Database Systems and Multimedia Information Systems.
Ranking Spatial Data by Quality Preferences.
Performance Measurement of Main Memory Database Recovery Algorithms Based on Update-in-Place and Shadow Approaches.
Performance Comparison of the R<sup>*</sup>-Tree and the Quadtree for kNN and Distance Join Queries.
Constructing Efficient Belief Network Structures With Expert Provided Information.
ADMiRe: An Algebraic Data Mining Approach to System Performance Analysis.
Protecting Sensitive Labels in Social Network Data Anonymization.
Evaluating Data Reliability: An Evidential Answer with Application to a Web-Enabled Data Warehouse.
Semantic Approximation of Data Stream Joins.
Crowdsourced Trace Similarity with Smartphones.
Learning a Propagable Graph for Semisupervised Learning: Classification and Regression.
Ontological Evaluation of Enterprise Systems Interoperability Using ebXML.
Storage Allocation Policies for Time-Dependent Multimedia Data.
Disk Scheduling in Video Editing Systems.
Domain Invariant Transfer Kernel Learning.
Exploit Every Bit: Effective Caching for High-Dimensional Nearest Neighbor Search.
Synthesizing High-Frequency Rules from Different Data Sources.
Practical Data-Oriented Microaggregation for Statistical Disclosure Control.
Fast Memory Efficient Local Outlier Detection in Data Streams.
Storing XML (with XSD) in SQL Databases: Interplay of Logical and Physical Designs.
Justification for Inclusion Dependency Normal Form.
A Unifying Approach to Iconic Indexing for 2-D and 3-D Scences.
Efficient Relevance Feedback for Content-Based Image Retrieval by Mining User Navigation Patterns.
Mining Distinction and Commonality across Multiple Domains Using Generative Model for Text Classification.
Modeling and Computing Ternary Projective Relations between Regions.
Mining Temporal Patterns in Time Interval-Based Data.
Evaluating Performance and Quality of Knowledge-Based Systems: Foundation and Methodology.
SRDA: An Efficient Algorithm for Large-Scale Discriminant Analysis.
Querying Knowledge Graphs by Example Entity Tuples.
A Multiresolution Terrain Model for Efficient Visualization Query Processing.
Dual Clustering: Integrating Data Clustering over Optimization and Constraint Domains.
Fast Elastic Peak Detection for Mass Spectrometry Data Mining.
A Generalized Relational Model for Indefinite and Maybe Information.
TopCat: Data Mining for Topic Identification in a Text Corpus.
Anonymizing Classification Data for Privacy Preservation.
Deciding on Correct Distributed Query Processing.
Databases with Deadline and Contingency Constraints.
An Intelligent Search Method for Query Optimization by Semijoins.
Outlier Detection for Temporal Data: A Survey.
Information-Theoretic Distance Measures for Clustering Validation: Generalization and Normalization.
Metadata for Anomaly-Based Security Protocol Attack Deduction.
Prequery Discovery of Domain-Specific Query Forms: A Survey.
Modified Fractal Signature (MFS): A New Approach to Document Analysis for Automatic Knowledge Acquisition.
Locking Performance in a Shared-Nothing Parallel Database Machine.
A Multilevel Composability Model for Semantic Web Services.
Fuzzy Logic Techniques in Multimedia Database Querying: A Preliminary Investigation of the Potentials.
Link Contexts in Classifier-Guided Topical Crawlers.
WISDOM: Web Intrapage Informative Structure Mining Based on Document Object Model.
MALLET-A Multi-Agent Logic Language for Encoding Teamwork.
Coclustering Multiple Heterogeneous Domains: Linear Combinations and Agreements.
A Similarity-Based Learning Algorithm Using Distance Transformation.
Efficient Execution of Read-Only Transactions in Replicated Multiversion Databases.
K-Anonymity for Crowdsourcing Database.
Discovery of Structural and Functional Features in RNA Pseudoknots.
Non-Myopic Adaptive Route Planning in Uncertain Congestion Environments.
TASC: Topic-Adaptive Sentiment Classification on Dynamic Tweets.
Entity Synonyms for Structured Web Search.
Symbolic Description and Visual Querying of Image Sequences Using Spatio-Temporal Logic.
Scaling HTM-Supported Database Transactions to Many Cores.
Spatial Databases - Accomplishments and Research Needs.
The Expressive Power of Temporal Relational Query Languages.
Computational Complexity of Sorting and Joining Relations with Duplicates.
Aging Bloom Filter with Two Active Buffers for Dynamic Sets.
Query Processing in a Mobile Computing Environment: Exploiting the Features of Asymmetry.
AIDE: An Active Learning-Based Approach for Interactive Data Exploration.
Spectral Anonymization of Data.
A Strip-Splitting-Based Optimal Algorithm for Decomposing a Query Window into Maximal Quadtree Blocks.
SQL/SDA: A Query Language for Supporting Spatial Data Analysis and Its Web-Based Implementation.
Long-Term Cross-Session Relevance Feedback Using Virtual Features.
Modeling Massive RFID Data Sets: A Gateway-Based Movement Graph Approach.
Mining Statistically Significant Co-location and Segregation Patterns.
The Impact of Diversity on Online Ensemble Learning in the Presence of Concept Drift.
Trajic: An Effective Compression System for Trajectory Data.
APPROXIMATE - A Query Processor that Produces Monotonically Improving Approximate Answers.
Cache-Conscious Automata for XML Filtering.
Flexible and Efficient Resolution of Skyline Query Size Constraints.
Improving the Reliability of Artificial Intelligence Planning Systems by Analyzing their Failure Recovery.
Coping with Events in Temporal Relational Databases.
Storage Efficient and Secure Replicated Distribted Databases.
Efficient Correlation Search from Graph Databases.
Mining Constrained Gradients in Large Databases.
Collaborative Filtering with Personalized Skylines.
Exploring into Programs for the Recovery of Data Dependencies Designed.
ATD: Anomalous Topic Discovery in High Dimensional Discrete Data.
Image Information Systems: Where Do We Go From Here?
Multi-Dimensional Classification with Super-Classes.
The Organization and Performance fo a TREAT-Based Production System Compiler.
Mefisto: A Functional Model for Statistical Entities.
From Wrapping to Knowledge.
Efficient Similarity Search over Future Stream Time Series.
Genetic Evolution Processing of Data Structures for Image Classification.
Neural Networks and Knowledge Engineering.
Extending Attribute Information for Small Data Set Classification.
A Computer-Assistance Learning System for Emotional Wording.
A New Text Categorization Technique Using Distributional Clustering and Learning Logic.
Comments on "A Practical (t, n) Threshold Proxy Signature Scheme Based on the RSA Cryptosystem".
Toward Private Joins on Outsourced Data.
A Rule-Based Trust Negotiation System.
On-Demand Forecasting of Stock Prices Using a Real-Time Predictor.
Using Copulas in Data Mining Based on the Observational Calculus.
Toward an Agent-Based and Context-Oriented Approach for Web Services Composition.
Unsupervised Semantic Similarity Computation between Terms Using Web Documents.
Toward Managing Uncertain Spatial Information for Situational Awareness Applications.
Missing Value Estimation for Mixed-Attribute Data Sets.
Query Representation through Lexical Association for Information Retrieval.
Geometric Monitoring of Heterogeneous Streams.
On Nonparametric Ordinal Classification with Monotonicity Constraints.
Automatic Fragment Detection in Dynamic Web Pages and Its Impact on Caching.
Databases with Alternative Information.
Evaluating Universal Quantification in XML.
Mining Predictive k-CNF Expressions.
Privacy-Preserving OLAP: An Information-Theoretic Approach.
The Role of Hubness in Clustering High-Dimensional Data.
Buffer Analysis for a Data Sharing Environment with Skewed Data Access.
On Combining Classifier Mass Functions for Text Categorization.
Guest Editors' Introduction: Special Issue on Mining Biological Data.
TopicSketch: Real-Time Bursty Topic Detection from Twitter.
Performance Modeling of Distributed and Replicated Databases.
Generalized k-Labelsets Ensemble for Multi-Label and Cost-Sensitive Classification.
Efficient Recursive Aggregation and Negation in Deductive Databases.
Content-Based Indexing of Multimedia Databases.
A Human-Computer Interactive Method for Projected Clustering.
Mining Group Movement Patterns for Tracking Moving Objects Efficiently.
Flag Commit: Supporting Efficient Transaction Recovery in Flash-Based DBMSs.
Editorial.
An Exploratory Study of Database Integration Processes.
Personalized Concept-Based Clustering of Search Engine Queries.
Max-Margin Discriminant Projection via Data Augmentation.
Analyzing the Structure and Evolution of Massive Telecom Graphs.
Constrained Text Coclustering with Supervised and Unsupervised Constraints.
Analysis of Replication in Distributed Database Systems.
K-Subspaces Quantization for Approximate Nearest Neighbor Search.
Biometric Authentication for Border Control Applications.
Scalable Algorithms for Association Mining.
Multilevel Filtering for High-Dimensional Image Data: Why and How.
Manufacturing-Oriented Discrete Process Modeling Approach Using the Predicate Logic.
On Similarity Preserving Feature Selection.
A Survey on Transfer Learning.
Shape Understanding: Knowledge Generation and Learning.
Concurrency Control in Database Systems.
Effective and Efficient Shape-Based Pattern Detection over Streaming Time Series.
Filter-Based Data Partitioning for Training Multiple Classifier Systems.
Robust Ensemble Clustering Using Probability Trajectories.
Incremental Computation of Time-Varying Query Expressions.
Venus: Scalable Real-Time Spatial Queries on Microblogs with Adaptive Load Shedding.
Probabilistic Word Selection via Topic Modeling.
New Order Preserving Access Methods for Very Large Files Derived From Linear Hashing.
On the Use of Side Information for Mining Text Data.
New Algorithms for Parallelizing Relational Database Joins in the Presence of Data Skew.
A Novel Density-Based Clustering Framework by Using Level Set Method.
Sentiment Embeddings with Applications to Sentiment Analysis.
Ensembles of $({\alpha})$-Trees for Imbalanced Classification Problems.
On Summarization and Timeline Generation for Evolutionary Tweet Streams.
Query Aware Determinization of Uncertain Objects.
Task Assignment on Multi-Skill Oriented Spatial Crowdsourcing.
Affect Analysis of Web Forums and Blogs Using Correlation Ensembles.
Specifying and Enforcing Application-Level Web Security Policies.
Discovery of Delta Closed Patterns and Noninduced Patterns from Sequences.
Pruning and Visualizing Generalized Association Rules in Parallel Coordinates.
Using Directed Hypergraphs to Verity Rule-Based Expert Systems.
A Review of Macsyma.
A Mixed Generative-Discriminative Based Hashing Method.
A Comparison of Standard Spell Checking Algorithms and a Novel Binary Neural Approach.
Learning the Gain Values and Discount Factors of Discounted Cumulative Gains.
Parallel Hash-Based Join Algorithms for a Shared-Everything.
A Graph-Based Approach for Timing Analysis and Refinement of OPS5 Knowledge-Based Systems.
Single-Database Private Information Retrieval from Fully Homomorphic Encryption.
An Adaptive Checkpointing Scheme for Distributed Databases with Mixed Types of Transactions.
Efficient Queries over Web Views.
Fast Query Point Movement Techniques for Large CBIR Systems.
Mutually Beneficial Confluent Routing.
Mining Nonambiguous Temporal Patterns for Interval-Based Events.
Lagrangian Approaches to Storage of Spatio-Temporal Network Datasets.
XACML Policy Evaluation with Dynamic Context Handling.
One-to-One Dependencies in Database Design.
Inference of Regular Expressions for Text Extraction from Examples.
Systems for Knowledge Discovery in Databases.
Rights Protection for Relational Data.
Selection of Indexes to Memory-Resident Entities for Semantic Data Models.
Efficient, Self-Contained Handling of Identity in Peer-to-Peer Systems.
Clustering with Local and Global Regularization.
Compressed Hierarchical Mining of Frequent Closed Patterns from Dense Data Sets.
Approximate Query Processing in Cube Streams.
Semantic-Aware and QoS-Aware Image Caching in Ad Hoc Networks.
Efficient Similarity Search in Nonmetric Spaces with Local Constant Embedding.
Verification and Validation of Knowledge-Based Systems.
Rule Revision With Recurrent Neural Networks.
A Scrambling Method for Fingerprint Positioning Based on Temporal Diversity and Spatial Dependency.
Avoiding Misconstruals in Database Systems: A Default Logic Approach.
CCAM: A Connectivity-Clustered Access Method for Networks and Network Computations.
Cluster-Driven Navigation of the Query Space.
Stability Analysis of Regional and National Voting Schemes by a Continuous Model.
A Group Incremental Approach to Feature Selection Applying Rough Set Technique.
Learning Classification Rules from Database in the Context of Knowledge Acquisition and Representation.
Privacy-Preserving Tuple Matching in Distributed Databases.
Automatically Determining the Number of Clusters in Unlabeled Data Sets.
Enhancing Disjunctive Datalog by Constraints.
Load Shedding in Mobile Systems with MobiQual.
A Selectivity Model for Fragmented Relations: Applied in Information Retrieval.
Enforcement of Purpose Based Access Control within Relational Database Management Systems.
Branch-and-Bound for Model Selection and Its Computational Complexity.
An Object-Oriented Query Evaluation Scheme for Logical Databases in Massively Parallel Environment.
Range Aggregation With Set Selection.
Convergence Analysis of Graph Regularized Non-Negative Matrix Factorization.
Interpreting the Public Sentiment Variations on Twitter.
A Model for Evaluation and Administration of Security in Object-Oriented Databases.
Clustering Uncertain Data Based on Probability Distribution Similarity.
Augmenting a Conceptual Model with Geospatiotemporal Annotations.
A Visual Query Language for Graphical Interaction with Schema-Intensive Databases.
Semisupervised Regression with Cotraining-Style Algorithms.
Privacy-Preserving Kth Element Score over Vertically Partitioned Data.
WFS + Branch and Bound = Stable Models.
Decomposing Heterogeneous Inter-Entity Relationship Updates.
Predictive Ensemble Pruning by Expectation Propagation.
Review Selection Using Micro-Reviews.
Generalization Ability of Folding Networks.
OMASS: One Memory Access Set Separation.
Efficient Signature File Methods for Text Retrieval.
Constructing Quantitative Models Using Monotone Relationships.
Antipole Tree Indexing to Support Range Search and K-Nearest Neighbor Search in Metric Spaces.
Analysis of the n-Dimensional Quadtree Decomposition for Arbitrary Hyperectangles.
Performance Evaluation of an Optimal Cache Replacement Policy for Wireless Data Dissemination.
Using Tickets to Enforce the Serializability of Multidatabase Transactions.
Enhancing Learning Objects with an Ontology-Based Memory.
A Generalized Associative Petri Net for Reasoning.
Similarity-Profiled Temporal Association Mining.
URBE: Web Service Retrieval Based on Similarity Evaluation.
From t-Closeness-Like Privacy to Postrandomization via Information Theory.
Uncertainty Management in Expert Systems Using Fuzzy Petri Nets.
Relevant Data Expansion for Learning Concept Drift from Sparsely Labeled Data.
EnBay: A Novel Pattern-Based Bayesian Classifier.
Defeasible Contextual Reasoning with Arguments in Ambient Intelligence.
Learning Image-Text Associations.
A Unified Framework for Providing Recommendations in Social Tagging Systems Based on Ternary Semantic Analysis.
Querying Time Series Data Based on Similarity.
A General Recommendation Model for Heterogeneous Networks.
Maximal Subspace Coregulated Gene Clustering.
An Adaptation of the Vector-Space Model for Ontology-Based Information Retrieval.
Reliability Measure Theory: A Nonmonotonic Semantics.
Discovering the Most Influential Sites over Uncertain Data: A Rank-Based Approach.
GDCluster: A General Decentralized Clustering Algorithm.
A Novel Recommendation Model Regularized with User Trust and Item Ratings.
Discovering Frequent Event Patterns with Multiple Granularities in Time Sequences.
Automatic Itinerary Planning for Traveling Services.
IF-Matching: Towards Accurate Map-Matching with Information Fusion.
Fully Scalable Methods for Distributed Tensor Factorization.
Reverse Nearest Neighbors Search in Ad Hoc Subspaces.
Coupling Production Systems and Database Systems: A Homogeneous Approach.
A Practical (t, n) Threshold Proxy Signature Scheme Based on the RSA Cryptosystem.
Mining Iterative Generators and Representative Rules for Software Specification Discovery.
Rule Extraction from Support Vector Machines: A Sequential Covering Approach.
Top k Favorite Probabilistic Products Queries.
Data-Driven Discovery of Quantitative Rules in Relational Databases.
A Similarity Metric for Retrieval of Compressed Objects: Application for Mining Satellite Image Time Series.
Characterizing the MVDs That Hold in a Connected Subtree of a Join Tree: A Correction.
An Expection-Driven Response Understanding Paradigm.
A Niching Memetic Algorithm for Simultaneous Clustering and Feature Selection.
A type-theoretic foundation of delimited continuations.
The interaction of contracts and laziness.
Editorial.
Monads and Composable Continuations.
Duplication and Partial Evaluation For a Better Understanding of Reflective Languages.
My Years with Strachey.
Path resolution for nested recursive modules.
Polymorphic Type Assignment and CPS Conversion.
Making "stricterness" more relevant.
PERs from Projections for Binding-Time Analysis.
About permutation algebras, (pre)sheaves and named sets.
Efficient and flexible access control via Jones-optimal logic program specialisation.
A Network Protocol Stack in Standard ML.
A proof of Moessner's theorem by coinduction.
Plurals: A SIMD Extension to EuLisp.
Editorial.
Regular Tree Languages as an Abstract Domain in Program Specialisation.
Combinator Evaluation of Functional Programs with Logical Variables.
A Semantics of Introspection in a Reflective Prototype-Based Language.
Stories about calculations: remembering Peter Landin.
Book Review of Common Lisp: A Tutorial, by Wendy L. Milner
Partial Evaluation in Parallel.
Strong Normalization from Weak Normalization by Translation into the Lambda-I-Calculus.
A Tractable Scheme Implementation.
Common Lisp Object System Specification: 2. Functions in the Programmer Interface.
Answer to Baker's Remarks of July 1991 on Version 1.0.
Growing a Language.
Scala-Virtualized: linguistic reuse for deep embeddings.
Partial Evaluation of Computation Process, Revisited.
Continuations and Web Servers.
Personal recollections of Peter Landin: 1987-2009.
Induction, Domains, Calculi: Strachey's Contributions to Programming-Language Engineering.
Partial Evaluation of the Euclidian Algorithm.
Call-by-Need and Continuation-Passing Style.
Dictionary-Free Overloading by Partial Evaluation.
Research Demonstration of a Hardware Reference-Counting Heap.
A principled approach to programming with nested types in Haskell.
Polymorphic typed defunctionalization and concretization.
A Preprocessor Based Implementation of Common Lisp.
Implementation Strategies for First-Class Continuations.
Balancing the EULISP Metaobject Protocol.
Christopher Strachey - Understanding Programming Languages.
The Second Futamura Projection for Type-Directed Partial Evaluation.
Global State Considered Unnecessary: An Introduction to Object-Based Semantics.
Book Review of A "Kinder, Gentler LISP?" COMMON LISP: A Gentle Introduction to Symbolic Computation" by David S. Touretzky.
Book Review of Object-Oriented Programming in Common LISP: A Programmer's Guide to CLOS, by Sonya E. Keene
Selectors Make Set-Based Analysis Too Hard.
CONSAT: A Parallel Constraint Satisfaction System.
The Grasper-CL Graph Management System.
The p-Calculus in Direct Style.
Applications of Telos.
Formal Foundations of Operational Semantics.
The Next 700 Formal Language Descriptions.
Linearity and iterator types for G&ouml;del's System.
Special Issue on State in Programming Languages - Introduction.
Universal Regular Path Queries.
An Approach to the DIN Kernel Lisp Definition.
A verified framework for higher-order uncurrying optimizations.
Reliable Interactive Programming with Modules.
Unchecked Exceptions Can Be Strictly More Powerful Than Call/CC.
Mayfly: A General-Purpose, Scalable, Parallel Processing Architecture.
A Generalization of Short-Cut Fusion and its Correctness Proof.
Editorial.
UCL+P - Defining and Implementing Persistent Common Lisp.
A Logical Approach to Program Analysis.
Constraint Hierarchies.
VLISP: A Verified Implementation of Scheme.
Generic multiset programming with discrimination-based joins and symbolic Cartesian products.
State-transition machines, revisited.
An Interpretation of Typed OOP in a Language with State.
The next 700 Krivine machines.
An Appreciation of Bob Paige.
Functional Differentiation of Computer Programs.
SELF: The Power of Simplicity.
Trends in Trends in Functional Programming 1999/2000 versus 2007/2008.
Calculating Sized Types.
Editorial.
Slicing Software for Model Construction.
A Per Model of Secure Information Flow in Sequential Programs.
Continuation-Based Control in the Implementation of Parallel Logic Programs.
From Syntactic Theories to Interpreters: Automating the Proof of Unique Decomposition.
Arrays in Pure Functional Programming Languages.
Strictness Analysis in the Imperative Lambda Calculus.
An NSF Proposal.
Scheme: A Interpreter for Extended Lambda Calculus.
Bisimilarity for the Region Calculus.
On the implementation of automatic differentiation tools.
A Hybrid Approach to Online and Offline Partial Evaluation.
Shortcut fusion rules for the derivation of circular and higher-order programs.
DPOS: A Metalanguage and Programming Environment for Parallel Processing.
Iterative Type Analysis and Extended Message Splitting: Optimizing Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Programs.
Editorial: Special Issue Dedicated to Bob Paige.
Deriving escape analysis by abstract interpretation.
Specialization Scenarios: A Pragmatic Approach to Declaring Program Specialization.
Tree Rerooting in Distributed Garbage Collection: Implementation and Performance Evaluation.
Visualizing Evaluation in Scheme.
Mix: A Self-Applicable Partial Evaluator for Experiments in Compiler Generation.
A Syntactic Theory of Dynamic Binding.
Specification Diagrams for Actor Systems.
A static simulation of dynamic delimited control.
Editorial.
A Generalization of Jumps and Labels.
Totally correct logic program transformations via well-founded annotations.
Loop Headers in Lambda-Calculus or CPS.
Expressible sharing for functional circuit description.
Cost-Augmented Partial Evaluation of Functional Logic Programs.
Adding Support for Persistence to CLOS via Its Metaobject Protocol.
A multi-tier semantics for Hop.
Moped (A Portable Debugger).
Endpaper: Performance of Two Common Lisp Programs on Several Systems.
Flattening tuples in an SSA intermediate representation.
Editorial.
Transformational Derivation of an Improved Alias Analysis Algorithm.
Implementing Coloured Petri Nets Using a Functional Programming Language.
State-transition machines for lambda-calculus expressions.
Proving operational termination of membership equational programs.
Compiling Lisp Programs for Parallel Execution.
Space-efficient gradual typing.
Safe-for-Space Threads in Standard ML.
Parallel Logic Programs on the Mayfly.
A Simple Reflective Interpreter.
The Racket virtual machine and randomized testing.
EuLisp in Education.
A Runtime System.
Reasoning about Programs in Continuation-Passing Style.
More dependent types for distributed arrays.
Partial Evaluation of Computation Process - An Approach to a Compiler-Compiler.
Callee-Save Registers in Continuation-Passing Style.
Partial Evaluation of the Euclidean Algorithm, Revisited.
Using Circular Programs to Deforest in Accumulating Parameters.
Debugging in Applicative Languages.
Magic-sets for localised analysis of Java bytecode.
Editorial.
Combining Program and Data Specialization.
Certifying Compilation and Run-Time Code Generation.
Designing a Browser to Support Multimethods and Method Combination.
A Practical Approach to Type Inference for EuLisp.
State in Haskell.
Reminiscences of Christopher Strachey.
Static and Dynamic Program Compilation by Interpreter Specialization.
Retraction Approach to CPS Transform.
Editorial.
Cambridge and CPL in the 1960s.
Comparing Parallel Functional Languages: Programming and Performance.
Least Reflexive Points of Relations.
Flow-sensitive type systems and the ambient calculus.
Christopher Strachey: Recollections of His Influence.
Simple Imperative Polymorphism.
Compilation of extended recursion in call-by-value functional languages.
Editorial PEPM2012.
The VLISP Verified PreScheme Compiler.
Recursion from Iteration.
Continuation-Passing C, compiling threads to events through continuations.
A Foreword to `Fundamental Concepts in Programming Languages'.
An Introduction to Landin's "A Generalization of Jumps and Labels".
Editorial.
Editorial.
An investigation of Jones optimality and BTI-universal specializers.
Subcontinuations.
Code Optimizations for Lazy Evaluation.
Functional programs as compressed data.
The VLISP Verified Scheme System.
Book Review of Lisp Lore: A Guide to Programming the Lisp Machine, 2nd ed.
Side-effect localization for lazy, purely functional languages via aspects.
Syntactic Abstraction in Scheme.
A functional approach to generic programming using adaptive traversals.
Some Reflections on Strachey and His Work.
Editorial.
Call-by-push-value: Decomposing call-by-value and call-by-name.
An Algebraic Specification of Method Combination for the Common Lisp Object System.
Continuation-Based Multiprocessing Revisited.
Introduction.
Algebraic Power Analysis by Abstract Interpretation.
Program Synthesis from Formal Requirements Specifications Using APTS.
Formal compiler construction in a logical framework.
Dynamic slicing of lazy functional programs based on redex trails.
Editorial.
Concurrent Scheme Reference.
Editorial TFP 2009/2010.
Runtime Tags Aren't Necessary.
Totally correct logic program transformations via well-founded annotations.
Abstract Models of Storage.
Relative Specification and Transformational Re-Use of Functional Programs.
Glossary for Partial Evaluation and Related Topics.
A Polymorphic Environment Calculus and its Type-Inference Algorithm.
A Formalised Proof of the Soundness and Completeness of a Simply Typed Lambda-Calculus with Explicit Substitutions.
Editorial: Theme Issue on Partial Evaluation and Semantics-Based Program Manipulation.
Structural types for systems of equations - Type refinements for structurally dynamic first-class modular systems of equations.
The two variable per inequality abstract domain.
A new generic scheme for functional logic programming with constraints.
Mark Scan Garbage Collection on a Distributed Architecture.
On typing delimited continuations: three new solutions to the printf problem.
Type-specialized staged programming with process separation.
Dynamic Programming via Static Incrementalization.
Type-Based Useless-Variable Elimination.
The graphical Krivine machine.
Relativizations for the Logic-Automata Connection.
Editorial.
Implementing Concurrent Scheme for the Mayfly Distributed Parallel Processing System.
Book Review of Common Lisp: the Reference Franz, Inc.
Free Variables and First-Class Environments.
Semantics and pragmatics of Real-Time Maude.
Parents are Shared Parts of Objects: Inheritance and Encapsulation in SELF.
The Discoveries of Continuations.
Editorial.
Strongly reducing variants of the Krivine abstract machine.
Optimal Representations of Polymorphic Types with Subtyping.
Symbolic reachability analysis using narrowing and its application to verification of cryptographic protocols.
Efficiency by Incrementalization: An Introduction.
The Theory of Fexprs is Trivial.
Continuation-Based Multiprocessing.
Semantics of roundoff error propagation in finite precision calculations.
Types and associated type families for hardware simulation and synthesis - The internals and externals of Kansas Lava.
An Automatic Program Generator for Multi-Level Specialization.
From Language Concepts to Implementation Concepts.
The Peter Landin prize.
A Decision Procedure for Common Lisp's SUBTYPEP Predicate.
Optimizing Nested Loops Using Local CPS Conversion.
A proof-theoretic foundation of abortive continuations.
Mnemonics: type-safe bytecode generation at run time.
TS/Scheme: Distributed Data Structures in Lisp.
Getting rid of labels.
On the correctness of the Krivine machine.
Comparing Control Constructs by Double-Barrelled CPS.
A Higher-Order Removal Method.
Common Lisp Object System Specification: 1. Programmer Interface Concepts.
An introduction to Landin's "Getting Rid of Labels".
Editorial.
Expressing combinatory reduction systems derivations in the rewriting calculus.
The Mystery of the Tower Revealed: A Nonreflective Description of the Reflective Tower.
The Interprocedural Analysis and Automatic Parallelization of Scheme Programs.
Explicit substitutions and higher-order syntax.
Editorial.
Editorial.
Mechanising lambda-calculus using a classical first order theory of terms with permutations.
Computational Divided Differencing and Divided-Difference Arithmetics.
Integrating Logic and Functional Programming.
Dynamic state restoration using versioning exceptions.
Lambda-Calculus Schemata.
Implementation and use of the PLT scheme Web server.
Endpaper: FRPOLY: A Benchmark Revisited.
Oaklisp: An Object-Oriented Dialect of Scheme.
Pruning with improving sequences in lazy functional programs.
Endpaper: Technical Issues of Separation in Function Cells and Value Cells.
A Debugging Environment for Lazy Functional Languages.
Pseudo-distributive laws and axiomatics for variable binding.
Editorial.
Keeping calm in the face of change - Towards optimisation of FRP by reasoning about change.
A Metacircular Evaluator for a Logical Extension of Scheme.
Fundamental Concepts in Programming Languages.
The First Report on Scheme Revisited.
First-Class Extents.
Path Dependent Analysis of Logic Programs.
Hume box calculus: robust system development through software transformation.
Functional un|unparsing.
Editorial.
Object-Oriented Programming with Class Dictionaries.
Higher-Order UnCurrying.
EULISP Threads: A Concurrency Toolbox.
Christopher Strachey and Fundamental Concepts.
An Unboxed Operational Semantics for ML Polymorphism.
Axioms for Recursion in Call-by-Value.
Improving type error messages for generic Java.
Calculations.
Peter J. Landin (1930-2009).
A Retrospective on Region-Based Memory Management.
Dependent Types for Program Termination Verification.
Erratum to: Continuation-Passing C, compiling threads to events through continuations.
Adapting functional programs to higher order logic.
CPS Translations and Applications: The Cube and Beyond.
Directly reflective meta-programming.
Compiler Optimization Correctness by Temporal Logic.
From Macrogeneration to Syntactic Abstraction.
Editorial.
Axioms for control operators in the CPS hierarchy.
Static consistency checking for Verilog wire interconnects - Using dependent types to check the sanity of Verilog descriptions.
Type Theory and Projections for Static Analysis.
An Early Use of Continuations and Partial Evaluation for Compiling Rules Written in First-Order Predicate Calculus.
Measuring the Cost of Storage Management.
Critique of DIN Kernel Lisp Definition Version 1.2.
Formalization and Analysis of Class Loading in Java.
LISP as a Rapid Prototyping Environment: The Chinese Tutor.
An Efficient Implementation of SELF, a Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Language Based on Prototypes.
Polynomial-time inverse computation for accumulative functions with multiple data traversals.
Editorial.
Remembrances of Bob Paige.
Using Multilisp for Solving Constraint Satisfaction Problems: An Application to Nucleic Acid 3D Structure Determination.
Definitional Interpreters Revisited.
Graph-based communication in Eden.
Composable Semantic Models for Actor Theories.
Linear Continuation-Passing.
Research Retrospective.
Expansion-Passing Style: A General Macro Mechanism.
Graphical and incremental type inference. A graph transformation approach.
Improving the lazy Krivine machine.
Robert Paige (1947-1999).
Using a Continuation Twice and Its Implications for the Expressive Power of Call/CC.
A "Functional + Logic" Programming Language in Interpretation-Compilation Implementation.
Automatic Generation of Staged Geometric Predicates.
Secure Information Flow via Linear Continuations.
Threads Yield Continuations.
Categorical Models for Local Names.
Functional Geometry.
An approach to completing variable names for implicitly typed functional languages.
A Hard Act to Follow.
Binding-Time Analysis for Standard ML.
An initial algebra approach to term rewriting systems with variable binders.
Definitional Interpreters for Higher-Order Programming Languages.
A rho-calculus of explicit constraint application.
Direct Function Calls in Lisp.
Conjunction-Type Standard ML Polymorphism.
The octagon abstract domain.
Program transformations for light-weight CPU accounting and control in the Java virtual machine.
Linear-Time Self-Interpretation of the Pure Lambda Calculus.
Visual Lisp/CLOS programming in OpenMusic.
A programmable editor for developing structured documents based on bidirectional transformations.
A minimalistic look at widening operators.
Imperative-program transformation by instrumented-interpreter specialization.
Editorial.
A lean specification for GADTs: system F with first-class equality proofs.
Logical approximation for program analysis.
Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme.
Reflection and Time-Dependent Computing: Experiences with the R2 Architecture.
A Generic Reification Technique for Object-Oriented Reflective Languages.
Editorial.
Distributed Data Structures and Algorithms for Gr&ouml;bner Basis Computation.
Christopher Strachey and the Cambridge CPL Compiler.
Non-Standard Semantics for Program Slicing.
Editorial.
An Application of an OR-Parallel Prolog Systemto Phylogenetic Analysis.
Editorial.
Integrating User-Level Threads with Processes in Scsh.
BIT: A Very Compact Scheme System for Microcontrollers.
Organizing Programs Without Classes.
Explaining the lazy Krivine machine using explicit substitution and addresses.
Editorial.
Overview: The Common Lisp Object System.
Fixing Letrec: A Faithful Yet Efficient Implementation of Scheme's Recursive Binding Construct.
A Variadic Extension of Curry's Fixed-Point Combinator.
Editorial.
Computing with Contexts.
Editorial.
Christopher Strachey: A Personal Recollection.
A call-by-name lambda-calculus machine.
Control Delimiters and Their Hierarchies.
LogScheme: Integrating Logic Programming into Scheme.
On graph rewriting, reduction, and evaluation in the presence of cycles.
Trace-Based Abstract Interpretation of Operational Semantics.
Peter Landin: a computer scientist who inspired a generation.
Representing the MSR cryptoprotocol specification language in an extension of rewriting logic with dependent types.
Editorial.
Derivation of Efficient Logic Programs by Specialization and Reduction of Nondeterminism.
Context-sensitive analysis without calling-context.
Implementing Metcast in Scheme.
Editorial.
Types and trace effects for object orientation.
An Overview of EULISP.
The Essence of Eta-Expansion in Partial Evaluation.
Continuations: A Mathematical Semantics for Handling Full Jumps.
Nesting forward-mode AD in a functional framework.
A New Approach to Procedures with Variable Arity.
Continuations Revisited.
Editorial.
Program Adaptation via Output-Constraint Specialization.
A Concurrent Abstract Interpreter.
Decision support systems for adoption in dental clinics: A survey.
Leveraging multiviews of trust and similarity to enhance clustering-based recommender systems.
Learning a locality discriminating projection for classification.
A novel particle swarm optimization trained support vector machine for automatic sense-through-foliage target recognition system.
Modeling and simulation method of the emergency response systems based on OODA.
The optimal group consensus models for 2-tuple linguistic preference relations.
Mathematical programming methods for consistency and consensus in group decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy preference relations.
Spatially-variant noise filtering in magnetic resonance imaging: A consensus-based approach.
Bilingual recursive neural network based data selection for statistical machine translation.
An entropy-based neighbor selection approach for collaborative filtering.
Argument comprehension and retrieval for editorial text.
An architecture for cooperative information systems.
Expert Provisioner: a range management aid.
Artificial bee colony algorithm for scheduling and rescheduling fuzzy flexible job shop problem with new job insertion.
A two-stage preference-based evolutionary multi-objective approach for capability planning problems.
A new model of evaluating concept similarity.
Evaluation of analogical proportions through Kolmogorov complexity.
Exploiting matrix factorization to asymmetric user similarities in recommendation systems.
Expert systems '90 : SEAI Technical Publications.
Enhancing ontological reasoning with uncertainty handling for activity recognition.
Enhancing variable neighborhood search by adding memory: Application to a real logistic problem.
Fuzzy rough set based attribute reduction for information systems with fuzzy decisions.
Prior class dissimilarity based linear neighborhood propagation.
Measures of perceived end-user computing competency in an organizational computing environment.
Classification of EU countries' progress towards sustainable development based on ordinal regression techniques.
Information aggregation in intelligent systems: An application oriented approach.
Performance comparison of generational and steady-state asynchronous multi-objective evolutionary algorithms for computationally-intensive problems.
Fuzzy decision implications.
Mining activation force defined dependency patterns for relation extraction.
Learning task models in ill-defined domain using an hybrid knowledge discovery framework.
A method for exploring the interdependencies and importance of critical infrastructures.
Exploring design space for an integrated intelligent system.
Rigorous approach to the development of knowledge-based systems.
A keypoints-based feature extraction method for iris recognition under variable image quality conditions.
Evaluating an intelligent graphical user interface by comparison with human experts.
Empower service directories with knowledge.
Experiments with free concept generation in Divago.
A flexible framework to experiment with ontology learning techniques.
Dynamic rule adjustment approach for optimizing belief rule-base expert system.
Word sense disambiguation based sentiment lexicons for sentiment classification.
Building granular fuzzy decision support systems.
A robust automatic phase-adjustment method for financial forecasting.
Identification of uncertain nonlinear systems: Constructing belief rule-based models.
Balancing user satisfaction and cognitive load in coverage-optimised retrieval.
Graded rough set model based on two universes and its properties.
Considering the decision maker's attitudinal character to solve multi-criteria decision-making problems in an intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making approach based on prospect score function.
The application of artificial neural networks to anticipate the average journey time of traffic in the vicinity of merges.
An information filtering model on the Web and its application in JobAgent.
An agent-based approach for integrating user profile into a knowledge management process.
Mining patterns for clustering on numerical datasets using unsupervised decision trees.
Credible, resilient, and scalable detection of software plagiarism using authority histograms.
Agent-based modeling of consumer decision making process based on power distance and personality.
A rule-based expert system approach to process selection for cast components.
Collaborative Recommending using Formal Concept Analysis.
Temporal reasoning using tesseral addressing: towards an intelligent environmental impact assessment system.
How can knowledge-based systems solve large-scale problems?: model-based decomposition and problem solving.
Entropy-based bare bones particle swarm for dynamic constrained optimization.
Data clustering and fuzzy neural network for sales forecasting: A case study in printed circuit board industry.
Constructing importance measure of attributes in covering decision table.
Reducing calibration effort for clonal selection based algorithms: A reinforcement learning approach.
The new HCI? navigation of information space.
GLIMPSE: a knowledge-based front end for statistical analysis.
Automatic verification of a knowledge base by using a multi-criteria group evaluation with application to security screening at an airport.
Fault detection algorithm for logic programs.
An empirical study based on semi-supervised hybrid self-organizing map for software fault prediction.
The ordered multiplicative modular geometric operator.
Multi-criteria collaborative filtering with high accuracy using higher order singular value decomposition and Neuro-Fuzzy system.
Regression on feature projections.
A hierarchical clusterer ensemble method based on boosting theory.
Concept dispersion, feature interaction and their effect on particular sources of bias in machine learning.
A fuzzy k-prototype clustering algorithm for mixed numeric and categorical data.
Deriving the priority weights from incomplete hesitant fuzzy preference relations in group decision making.
A combination method for interval forecasting of agricultural commodity futures prices.
Using time topic modeling for semantics-based dynamic research interest finding.
Repeated double cross-validation for choosing a single solution in evolutionary multi-objective fuzzy classifier design.
Configuration management for Lyee software.
GRASP with path relinking for the single row facility layout problem.
Use of data mining techniques to model crime scene investigator performance.
Warning system for online market research - Identifying critical situations in online opinion formation.
Polynomial-fuzzy decision tree structures for classifying medical data.
Fuzzy image segmentation based upon hierarchical clustering.
Estimating sequential bias in online reviews: A Kalman filtering approach.
Visual tracking via exemplar regression model.
Knowledge management fit and its implications for business performance: A profile deviation analysis.
Learning traffic signal phase and timing information from low-sampling rate taxi GPS trajectories.
A rough set approach to feature selection based on power set tree.
Instrument semiotics: a semiotic approach to interface components.
Multi-criteria decision-making based on hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets: An outranking approach.
Approximating web communities using subspace decomposition.
Differential evolution trained kernel principal component WNN and kernel binary quantile regression: Application to banking.
Multi-aspect sentiment analysis for Chinese online social reviews based on topic modeling and HowNet lexicon.
A penalty-based aggregation operator for non-convex intervals.
TOPSIS: Finding Top-K significant N-itemsets in sliding windows adaptively.
A pattern-based knowledge editing system for building clinical Decision Support Systems.
Using neural networks as a tool for constructing rule based systems.
Design engineering - a need to rethink the solution using knowledge based engineering.
Improving the performance of association classifiers by rule prioritization.
Local linear regression for efficient data-driven control.
Online learning the consensus of multiple correspondences between sets.
Advances in natural language generation: an interdisciplinary perspective (vol 1): M Zock and G Sabah (eds) Pinter Publishers Ltd., UK (1988) &#163;27.50, ISBN 0-86187-965-1, 200 pp.
Role of acquaintance models in agent's private and semi-private knowledge disclosure.
Exploring events and distributed representations of text in multi-document summarization.
A soft set approach for association rules mining.
Decision-theoretic rough sets under dynamic granulation.
A semantic web based framework for the interoperability and exploitation of clinical models and EHR data.
MPEKDyL: Efficient multi-partial empirical kernel dynamic learning.
A web based CBR system for heating ventilation and air conditioning systems sales support.
Pose-invariant face recognition using facial landmarks and Weber local descriptor.
Extensible organization of property descriptions in object modelling for engineering design.
An integrated knowledge-based system for urban planning decision support.
An evolutionary path relinking approach for the quadratic multiple knapsack problem.
The fuzzy ontology reasoner fuzzyDL.
Fast low rank representation based spatial pyramid matching for image classification.
A novel approach to determining change of caloric intake requirement based on fuzzy logic methodology.
An improved fruit fly optimization algorithm for continuous function optimization problems.
Platform-based product design and development: A knowledge-intensive support approach.
Web mining model and its applications for information gathering.
Case-based content navigation.
A multi-disciplinary review of knowledge acquisition methods: From human to autonomous eliciting agents.
From natural language processing to logic for expert systems : A Thayse.
S-Trans: Semantic transformation of XML healthcare data into OWL ontology.
Method to assist the building and expression of subjective concepts and its application to design problems.
Ranked k-medoids: A fast and accurate rank-based partitioning algorithm for clustering large datasets.
An investment evaluation of supply chain RFID technologies: A group decision-making model with multiple information sources.
Estimating user behavior toward detecting anomalous ratings in rating systems.
An alternative verification and validation technique for an alternative knowledge representation and acquisition technique.
SG-WSTD: A framework for scalable geographic web search topic discovery.
Knowledge dilemmas within organizations: Resolutions from game theory.
Rule by example: an example-based approach to knowledge-base management.
Common framework for the evaluation process of KBS and conventional software.
Editorial.
Breakthrough AI training system.
A fuzzy integral fusion approach in analyzing competitiveness patterns from WCY2010.
Special section: Creativity and cognition.
Feature selection using rough entropy-based uncertainty measures in incomplete decision systems.
A linguistic aggregation operator with three kinds of weights for nuclear safeguards evaluation.
Two-phase anticipatory system design based on extended species abundance model of biogeography for intelligent battlefield preparation.
Feature selection in bankruptcy prediction.
Algorithm library based on algorithmic cyberFilms.
Automatic labelling of clusters of discrete and continuous data with supervised machine learning.
Replenish-up-to multi-chance-constraint inventory control system under fuzzy random lost-sale and backordered quantities.
A hybrid term-term relations analysis approach for topic detection.
Knowledge representation and reasoning for qualitative spatial change.
Toward cognitive support for OWL justifications.
Algebraic graph transformations for formalizing ontology changes and evolving ontologies.
Logic of design actions.
KIMS: knowledge-based image management system.
A multi-label feature extraction algorithm via maximizing feature variance and feature-label dependence simultaneously.
A fuzzy intelligent approach to the classification problem in gene expression data analysis.
Assembly sequence planning using case-based reasoning techniques.
To add AI, or not to add AI?
A retraining methodology for enhancing agent intelligence.
MOEA/D-ARA+SBX: A new multi-objective evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition with artificial raindrop algorithm and simulated binary crossover.
EK-NNclus: A clustering procedure based on the evidential K-nearest neighbor rule.
Pattern discovery via constraint programming.
An adaptive algorithm for scheduling parallel jobs in meteorological Cloud.
CRM: An efficient trust and reputation model for agent computing.
A new type of recurrent fuzzy neural network for modeling dynamic systems.
Semi-supervised locally discriminant projection for classification and recognition.
Logical structures in the lexicon.
Clustered linear regression.
Optimal cost-sensitive granularization based on rough sets for variable costs.
Group consensus based on evidential reasoning approach using interval-valued belief structures.
Matroidal structure of rough sets and its characterization to attribute reduction.
Bucket Learning: Improving model quality through enhancing local patterns.
Conceptual Recombination: A method for producing exploratory and transformational creativity in creative works.
Extended TODIM method for hybrid multiple attribute decision making problems.
Modified big-M method to recognize the infeasibility of linear programming models.
A local fuzzy thresholding methodology for multiregion image segmentation.
Optimal contracts for the agency problem with multiple uncertain information.
Three-way decision spaces based on partially ordered sets and three-way decisions based on hesitant fuzzy sets.
Unsupervised feature selection via maximum projection and minimum redundancy.
Experiment on sentiment embedded comparison interface.
Collaborative learning using service-oriented architecture: A framework design.
Representation and processing of information related to real world events.
C<sub>OVERAGE</sub>: verifying multiple-agent knowledge-based systems.
Knowledge-based systems in computer-assisted production - a review.
Analogic: Inference beyond logic.
GA-Based Heuristic Algorithms for QoS Based Multicast Routing.
Effective service composition using multi-agent reinforcement learning.
Aspect extraction for opinion mining with a deep convolutional neural network.
A new quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization based on cultural evolution mechanism for multiobjective problems.
A framework for diversifying recommendation lists by user interest expansion.
Model checking epistemic-probabilistic logic using probabilistic interpreted systems.
Hybrid optimization models of portfolio selection involving financial and ethical considerations.
A generalized framework for anaphora resolution in Indian languages.
Towards a fuzzy logic programming system: a fuzzy propositional logic.
Information supply for business processes: coupling workflow with document analysis and information retrieval.
Multi-agent conflict resolution: a computational framework for an intelligent argumentation program.
Evaluating the utility and usability of an adaptive hypermedia system.
Visual modeling and formal specification of constraints of RBAC using semantic web technology.
From first-order logic to automated word generation for Lyee.
Special issue on 'Legacy systems and software change'.
Designing knowledge based systems: the CommonKADS design model.
Fuzzy classification using the data envelopment analysis.
Predicting emotions in facial expressions from the annotations in naturally occurring first encounters.
Matrix approach to decision-theoretic rough sets for evolving data.
Diarrhoea outpatient visits prediction based on time series decomposition and multi-local predictor fusion.
Knowledge reuse integrating the collaboration from experts in industrial maintenance management.
Grammar-based random walkers in semantic networks.
An interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy LINMAP method with inclusion comparison possibilities and hybrid averaging operations for multiple criteria group decision making.
Fuzzy cognitive maps in the modeling of granular time series.
Advances in three-way decisions and granular computing.
Accelerating wrapper-based feature selection with K-nearest-neighbor.
Identifying motifs for evaluating open knowledge extraction on the Web.
Dynamic non-parametric joint sentiment topic mixture model.
Modelling dynamic behaviour of business organisations - extension of DEMO from a semiotic perspective.
Redesign and reuse in compositional knowledge-based systems.
Functional grammar and the computer: Functional Grammar Series No 10 H Connolly and S C Dik (Eds.).
An analogy-oriented type hierarchy for linguistic creativity.
Semantic model for knowledge representation in e-business.
Improved trust-aware recommender system using small-worldness of trust networks.
Parallel computing of approximations in dominance-based rough sets approach.
A novel rule base representation and its inference method using the evidential reasoning approach.
Sentic patterns: Dependency-based rules for concept-level sentiment analysis.
Combination of interval-valued belief structures based on intuitionistic fuzzy set.
A fast approach to attribute reduction from perspective of attribute measures in incomplete decision systems.
MADM method based on cross-entropy and extended TOPSIS with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Latent semantic analysis for text categorization using neural network.
An augmented Lagrangian multiplier method based on a CHKS smoothing function for solving nonlinear bilevel programming problems.
A note on "Rough set theory based on two universal sets and its applications" Knowledge-Based Systems 23 (2010) 110-115.
The role of artificial intelligence technologies in the implementation of People-Finder knowledge management systems.
A DEMATEL method in identifying key success factors of hospital service quality.
Guest editorial introduction.
Applying the learning rate adaptation to the matrix factorization based collaborative filtering.
Layered fractal neural net: computational performance as a classifier.
Multiscale edge detection based on Gaussian smoothing and edge tracking.
Semi-supervised evolutionary ensembles for Web video categorization.
Creativity and Cognition 1996.
TEX: An efficient and effective unsupervised Web information extractor.
Differential Evolution for learning the classification method PROAFTN.
Reporting and analyzing alternative clustering solutions by employing multi-objective genetic algorithm and conducting experiments on cancer data.
Multiple algorithms for fraud detection.
Scenario analysis using Bayesian networks: A case study in energy sector.
Towards a fuzzy-logic programming system: a 1st-order fuzzy logic.
Towards a user based recommendation strategy for digital ecosystems.
A software architecture for Twitter collection, search and geolocation services.
SWIMS: Semi-supervised subjective feature weighting and intelligent model selection for sentiment analysis.
Ontology-based annotation and retrieval of services in the cloud.
Adoption and diffusion of knowledge management systems: field studies of factors and variables.
A discussion on interpretability of linguistic rule based systems and its application to solve regression problems.
A novel single multiplicative neuron model trained by an improved glowworm swarm optimization algorithm for time series prediction.
A novel hybrid intelligent approach for contractor default status prediction.
Knowledge-based systems: special issue on CyberDesign.
Reappraisal of the use of conditional probability in early expert systems.
An empirical study on sea water quality prediction.
Adaptive Concept Resolution for document representation and its applications in text mining.
The performance of corporate financial distress prediction models with features selection guided by domain knowledge and data mining approaches.
A polynomial algorithm for continuous non-binary disjunctive CSPs: extended DLRs.
Developing new machine learning ensembles for quality spine diagnosis.
An analysis of fully fuzzy linear programming with fuzzy decision variables through logistics network design problem.
Measuring cell-id trajectory similarity for mobile phone route classification.
Enriching semantic knowledge bases for opinion mining in big data applications.
Designing deontic knowledge bases from regulation texts.
A process algebra to formalize the Lyee methodology.
Artificial intelligence and expert systems development: David W. Rolston McGraw-Hill, USA (1988) &#163;12.95, ISBN 0-07-053614-7, 278 pp.
Cognitive memory-inspired sentence ordering model.
Intelligent facial emotion recognition using moth-firefly optimization.
Region-based quantitative and hierarchical attribute reduction in the two-category decision theoretic rough set model.
Fuzzy logic-based expert system for prediction of depth of cut in abrasive water jet machining process.
Inter-training: Exploiting unlabeled data in multi-classifier systems.
Game theory based emotional evolution analysis for chinese online reviews.
Integrating multiple and diverse abstract knowledge types in real-time embedded systems.
Uncertain pure linguistic hybrid harmonic averaging operator and generalized interval aggregation operator based approach to group decision making.
The organisational impact of knowledge-based systems: a knowledge perspective.
Multi-dimensional fairness for auction-based resource allocation.
Guest Editorial.
Fuzzy analytic hierarchy process with interval type-2 fuzzy sets.
Predicting football results using Bayesian nets and other machine learning techniques.
A knowledge-based supplier intelligence retrieval system for outsource manufacturing.
Multi-documents Automatic Abstracting based on text clustering and semantic analysis.
A new relational Tri-training system with adaptive data editing for inductive logic programming.
Establishment of transverse beam engineering knowledge coding of door-shaped structure and case-based similarity method.
Program design for knowledge-based systems: Graham WinstanleySigma Press, UK (1987) &#163;12.95, ISBN 1 85058 066 9, 230pp.
Piecewise cloud approximation for time series mining.
Profiting from an inefficient association football gambling market: Prediction, risk and uncertainty using Bayesian networks.
Figurative messages and affect in Twitter: Differences between #irony, #sarcasm and #not.
Learning word syntactic subcategorizations interactively.
Aiming strategy error analysis and verification of a billiard training system.
Towards the estimation of feature-based semantic similarity using multiple ontologies.
Cumulative belief degrees approach for analyzing the competitiveness of the automotive industry.
Using multiple and negative target rules to make classifiers more understandable.
Special issue: Intelligent user interfaces.
The importance weighted continuous generalized ordered weighted averaging operator and its application to group decision making.
Knowledge-based system design using prolog: the PIAF experience.
Creative Systems.
Combination of unreliable evidence sources in intuitionistic fuzzy MCDM framework.
CBR based system for forecasting red tides.
Self-adaptive semantic web service matching method.
Image reconstruction by means of F-transform.
A semantic similarity measure for linked data: An information content-based approach.
Logic-based representation and reasoning about knowledge of constrained resources.
DF-Miner: Domain-specific facet mining by leveraging the hyperlink structure of Wikipedia.
A knowledge-based decision support system to analyze the debris-flow problems at Chen-Yu-Lan River, Taiwan.
Developing an integrated model for the selection of strategic alliance partners in the airline industry.
A knowledge-based component library for high-level computer vision tasks.
A multi-agent based system for e-procurement exception management.
Moth-flame optimization algorithm: A novel nature-inspired heuristic paradigm.
Computational Intelligence Applications for Data Science.
Special issue on "Intelligent Formal Techniques for Software Design: IFTSD".
Generating complete set of implications for formal contexts.
An empirical margin explanation for the effectiveness of DECORATE ensemble learning algorithm.
A prediction-based online soft scheduling algorithm for the real-world steelmaking-continuous casting production.
Semi-supervised cluster-and-label with feature based re-clustering to reduce noise in Thai document images.
Static analysis of Lyee requirements.
Optimal feature extraction methods for classification methods and their applications to biometric recognition.
Conceptual and semantic structures.
Penalty-based continuous aggregation operators and their application to group decision making.
Granular reducts of formal fuzzy contexts.
Wireless LAN load balancing with genetic algorithms.
Co-operation and communication within an active IPSE.
Rule extraction from support vector machines based on consistent region covering reduction.
Toward truly intelligent information systems-from expert systems to automatic programming.
Statistically-driven generation of multidimensional analytical schemas from linked data.
Conceptual indexing and active retrieval of video for interactive learning environments.
A rough set model with ontologies for discovering maximal association rules in document collections.
A bio-inspired emergent system for intelligent Web service composition and management.
PPTD: Preserving personalized privacy in trajectory data publishing by sensitive attribute generalization and trajectory local suppression.
Ultrasound-based tissue characterization and classification of fatty liver disease: A screening and diagnostic paradigm.
Special issue on "New Trends in Data Mining" NTDM.
Redesign of technical systems.
Experience-based support for human-centered knowledge modeling.
A novel Bayesian classification for uncertain data.
Robust non-convex least squares loss function for regression with outliers.
Special issue on verification and validation.
A novel multi-scale cooperative mutation Fruit Fly Optimization Algorithm.
Cognitive cooperation through visual interaction.
On the utility of landmarks in SAT based planning.
Erratum to "Efficiently planning coherent visual discourse" [Knowledge-Based Systems 10 (1998) 275-286].
Granule description based on formal concept analysis.
Expert systems for engineering design : Michael D Rychener.
Zero tolerance cue angle analysis and its effect on successive sink rate of a low cost billiard reposition control tutoring system.
Evidential clustering of large dissimilarity data.
Real formal concept analysis based on grey-rough set theory.
Spatio-temporal decomposition: a knowledge-based initialization strategy for parallel parking motion optimization.
Cross-domain polarity classification using a knowledge-enhanced meta-classifier.
Application-oriented purely semantic precision and recall for ontology mapping evaluation.
Hands-on representations in a two-dimensional space for early stages of design.
Knowledge engineering as cross-examination.
An entropy-based query expansion approach for learning researchers' dynamic information needs.
Interrelation analysis of celestial spectra data using constrained frequent pattern trees.
Note on "Hesitant fuzzy prioritized operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making".
Weighted discriminative sparsity preserving embedding for face recognition.
A data mining approach to knowledge discovery from multidimensional cube structures.
The tender support system.
Knowledge-based software assistant.
A survey on opinion mining and sentiment analysis: Tasks, approaches and applications.
Evaluation of classification algorithms for intrusion detection in MANETs.
A multilingual text mining approach to web cross-lingual text retrieval.
A new feature selection algorithm based on binomial hypothesis testing for spam filtering.
Expert systems applications in integrated network management : E C Ericson, L Ericson and D Minoli (Eds).
Deep neural network framework and transformed MFCCs for speaker's age and gender classification.
Privacy preserving data mining: A noise addition framework using a novel clustering technique.
Computing force field-based directional maps in subquadratic time.
Generalized logarithmic proportional averaging operators and their applications to group decision making.
Efficient inference method for computing an optimal solution in predicate-logic hypothetical reasoning.
Finite element mesh design expert system.
Discovering common outcomes of agents' communicative actions in various domains.
Boosting instance selection algorithms.
On-line monitoring of plan execution: A distributed approach.
Designing for scalability in a knowledge fusion system.
Integrated approach to knowledge-based process-plan generation.
A proximal classifier with consistency.
Combination of machine learning algorithms for recommendation of courses in E-Learning System based on historical data.
Efficient reverse spatial and textual k nearest neighbor queries on road networks.
Editorial.
Asynchronous production systems.
Mining fuzzy association rules from questionnaire data.
A hybrid clustering technique combining a novel genetic algorithm with K-Means.
Ensemble of neural networks with associative memory (ENNA) for estimating software development costs.
Special issue on "techniques to produce Intelligent_Secure software".
Finding time series discord based on bit representation clustering.
Containment of competitive influence spread in social networks.
Using mutually validated memories of experts for case-based knowledge systems.
Agent service matchmaking algorithm for autonomic element with semantic and QoS constraints.
The bi-objective quadratic multiple knapsack problem: Model and heuristics.
Nested Monte-Carlo Search with simulation reduction.
Preventing automatic user profiling in Web 2.0 applications.
Computing semantic relatedness using Wikipedia features.
Adaptive systems: from intelligent tutoring to autonomous agents.
A hybrid approach to the sentiment analysis problem at the sentence level.
Finding "interesting" trends in social networks using frequent pattern mining and self organizing maps.
A hybrid approach using TOPSIS, Differential Evolution, and Tabu Search to find multiple solutions of constrained non-linear integer optimization problems.
Cross-language article linking with different knowledge bases using bilingual topic model and translation features.
Editorial.
Reinforcement learning of pedagogical policies in adaptive and intelligent educational systems.
Organizational forms for knowledge management in photovoltaic solar energy industry.
Multi knowledge based rough approximations and applications.
An ensemble design of intrusion detection system for handling uncertainty using Neutrosophic Logic Classifier.
Frequent approximate subgraphs as features for graph-based image classification.
Knowledge-based instance selection: A compromise between efficiency and versatility.
Instance selection for time series classification based on immune binary particle swarm optimization.
Distance and similarity measures for higher order hesitant fuzzy sets.
Privacy-preserving SOM-based recommendations on horizontally distributed data.
MACS: Multi-Agent COTR System for defense contracting.
Aggregation of web search engines based on users' preferences in WebFusion.
The GhostWriter-2.0 Case-Based Reasoning system for making content suggestions to the authors of product reviews.
Comment and improvement on "A new Fruit Fly Optimization Algorithm: Taking the financial distress model as an example".
Competition under manufacturer service and price in fuzzy environments.
On multi-period multi-attribute decision making.
Automated diagnosis of coronary artery disease using tunable-Q wavelet transform applied on heart rate signals.
Participatory theater: interacting with autonomous tools for creative applications.
Limited-resource scheduling by generalized rule-based system.
Smalltalk-80 development environment.
An architecture for knowledge-based front ends.
A multi-view model for visual tracking via correlation filters.
Approaches to group decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy preference relations based on multiplicative consistency.
A goal-oriented interface to consumer electronics using planning and commonsense reasoning.
A novel classification model for cotton yarn quality based on trained neural network using genetic algorithm.
Cross-lingual sentiment classification: Similarity discovery plus training data adjustment.
HCI research regarding end-user requirement specification: a tutorial.
Communicative commitments: Model checking and complexity analysis.
Fuzzy expert system approach for coronary artery disease screening using clinical parameters.
Crowd explicit sentiment analysis.
Dynamic selection of the best base classifier in One versus One.
Group decision making with distance measures and probabilistic information.
Fuzzy relation equations and subsystems of fuzzy transition systems.
A regularization for the projection twin support vector machine.
Mining the real-time web: A novel approach to product recommendation.
Sequential behavior prediction based on hybrid similarity and cross-user activity transfer.
Structural twin support vector machine for classification.
Recurrent neural network based recommendation for time heterogeneous feedback.
Semantic service matchmaking for Digital Health Ecosystems.
A two-stage feature selection method for text categorization by using information gain, principal component analysis and genetic algorithm.
A non negative matrix factorization for collaborative filtering recommender systems based on a Bayesian probabilistic model.
Locating the propagation source on complex networks with Propagation Centrality algorithm.
Enhanced toolset includes event-driven inferencing.
Community Detection in Complex Networks: Multi-objective Enhanced Firefly Algorithm.
Intellectual capital and national innovation systems performance.
Integrating failure prediction models for water mains: Bayesian belief network based data fusion.
Multi-criteria decision making method based on possibility degree of interval type-2 fuzzy number.
A bi-population EDA for solving the no-idle permutation flow-shop scheduling problem with the total tardiness criterion.
Evaluating Case-Base Maintenance algorithms.
Online learning with kernel regularized least mean square algorithms.
Differential adaptation: An operational approach to adaptation for solving numerical problems with CBR.
Situation assessment and prediction in intelligence domains.
Quality management in GPRS networks with fuzzy case-based reasoning.
Model and algorithm of fuzzy joint replenishment problem under credibility measure on fuzzy goal.
A low-cost screening method for the detection of the carotid artery diseases.
RETWALL: An expert system for the selection and preliminary design of earth retaining structures.
Efficient algorithms for frequent pattern mining in many-task computing environments.
Multi-level thresholding using quantum inspired meta-heuristics.
A maximum margin and minimum volume hyper-spheres machine with pinball loss for imbalanced data classification.
The role of artificial intelligence in knowledge management.
Consensus-making support system for creative problem solving.
Expressive fuzzy description logics over lattices.
Augmented fuzzy cognitive maps for modelling LMS critical success factors.
On the use of multiplicative consistency in hesitant fuzzy linguistic preference relations.
CALA: An unsupervised URL-based web page classification system.
A fuzzy framework for encoding uncertainty in clinical decision-making.
Incremental entropy-based clustering on categorical data streams with concept drift.
Multi-view learning with Universum.
Editorial.
Efficient frequent pattern mining based on Linear Prefix tree.
Incremental Collaborative Filtering recommender based on Regularized Matrix Factorization.
A novel measure of edge centrality in social networks.
From t-closeness to differential privacy and vice versa in data anonymization.
ES development environments enhanced.
A relevant subspace based contextual outlier mining algorithm.
Symmetry of ignorance, social creativity, and meta-design.
Class-based tag recommendation and user-based evaluation in online audio clip sharing.
Online adaptive decision trees based on concentration inequalities.
Collaborator recommendation in interdisciplinary computer science using degrees of collaborative forces, temporal evolution of research interest, and comparative seniority status.
System for managing and refining structural characteristics discovered from databases.
A hierarchical genetic fuzzy system based on genetic programming for addressing classification with highly imbalanced and borderline data-sets.
Mining the optimal class association rule set.
Rule-based schema evolution in object-oriented databases.
A weighted twin support vector regression.
A belief rule based expert system for predicting consumer preference in new product development.
Heterogeneous knowledge representation integrating connectionist and symbolic computation.
Feature interval learning algorithms for classification.
Using errors to direct design.
Exploiting semantic annotation to supporting user browsing on the web.
A novel Multiple Objective Symbiotic Organisms Search (MOSOS) for time-cost-labor utilization tradeoff problem.
On facilitating knowledge transfer in software design.
Enhancing performance of restricted Boltzmann machines via log-sum regularization.
PubMed smarter: Query expansion with implicit words based on gene ontology.
Medical image fusion by combining parallel features on multi-scale local extrema scheme.
A quality index for decision tree pruning.
Prolog and deductive databases.
Design, AI and designers: a challenge.
Covering the path space: a casebase analysis for mobile robot path planning.
Story plot generation based on CBR.
Inventory management using constraint satisfaction and knowledge refinement techniques.
CT-IC: Continuously activated and Time-restricted Independent Cascade model for viral marketing.
Interpolation of plans for time-critical adaptation.
A data mining approach to discover unusual folding regions in genome sequences.
Representing temporal knowledge in conceptual graphs.
Discovering statistically non-redundant subgroups.
Directed graph-based multi-agent coalitional decision making.
An optimized and enhanced cognitive memory model for mechanical design problems.
A Bayesian latent variable model with classification and regression tree approach for behavior and credit scoring.
A fuzzy logic model for forecasting exchange rates.
Expert systems in the electronics industry : Electronic Trend Publications.
Applying computational intelligence methods for predicting the sales of newly published books in a real editorial business management environment.
ANN vs. SVM: Which one performs better in classification of MCCs in mammogram imaging.
Requirements of a reasoning system that supports creative and innovative design activity.
Improving classification performance using unlabeled data: Naive Bayesian case.
Sentiment and emotion classification over noisy labels.
Knowledge-based system requirements.
Label propagation based evolutionary clustering for detecting overlapping and non-overlapping communities in dynamic networks.
An intelligent agent-based architecture for strategic information system applications.
Price of flexibility in intelligent interfaces.
New results in modelling derived from Bayesian filtering.
A survey of approaches to decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy preference relations.
HHT-SVM: An online method for detecting profile injection attacks in collaborative recommender systems.
DEXT: an integrated knowledge-engineering environment for control-engineering applications.
A framework for context-aware heterogeneous group decision making in business processes.
Bringing chatbots into education: Towards natural language negotiation of open learner models.
Developer-friendly verification of process-based systems.
Projection support vector regression algorithms for data regression.
Combining weights with fuzziness for intelligent semantic web search.
Analytical and knowledge based approaches for a bioprocess supervision.
On assisting a visual-facial affect recognition system with keyboard-stroke pattern information.
Impact of connectionist systems on design.
A local dynamic method for tracking communities and their evolution in dynamic networks.
Special Issue on "Evolutionary Fuzzy Systems" EFSs.
Model-preserving transformations of databases for rule-based expert systems with Boolean-valued weights.
A rule-based reactive model for the simulation of aircraft on airport gates.
Characterization of bio-chemical signals by inductive logic programming.
Facilitating formal specification acquisition by using recursive functions on context-free languages.
On the importance of sluggish state memory for learning long term dependency.
Support vector machine-based optimized decision threshold adjustment strategy for classifying imbalanced data.
A knowledge based genetic algorithm approach to automating cartographic generalisation.
A new algorithm for automatic knowledge acquisition in inductive learning.
Integration of knowledge-based systems with data processing.
A learner oriented learning recommendation approach based on mixed concept mapping and immune algorithm.
MAR: Maximum Attribute Relative of soft set for clustering attribute selection.
Design and implementation of an integrated knowledge system.
QA document recommendations for communities of question-answering websites.
Encoding words into Cloud models from interval-valued data via fuzzy statistics and membership function fitting.
Robust learning of large-scale fuzzy cognitive maps via the lasso from noisy time series.
A simple utility function with the rules-verified weights for analyzing the top competitiveness of WCY 2012.
Bayesian image segmentation fusion.
Expert systems in manufacturing. Part 2: A management framework for expert-systems innovation and technology transfer.
The induced generalized interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy hybrid Shapley averaging operator and its application in decision making.
Information diffusion-based spatio-temporal risk analysis of grassland fire disaster in northern China.
Designing as reflective conversation with the materials of a design situation.
Extracting finite structure from infinite language.
Editorial for the special issue: 25th Anniversary of Knowledge-Based Systems.
Feature selection based on cluster and variability analyses for ordinal multi-class classification problems.
A new decision-making method by incomplete preferences based on evidence distance.
Context Based Positive and Negative Spatio-Temporal Association Rule Mining.
An artificial intelligence tool for heterogeneous team formation in the classroom.
A new hybrid navigation algorithm for mobile robots in environments with incomplete knowledge.
Variable precision multigranulation decision-theoretic fuzzy rough sets.
Weighted logistic regression for large-scale imbalanced and rare events data.
An effective feature selection method for hyperspectral image classification based on genetic algorithm and support vector machine.
Work-oriented development of knowledge-based systems: a case for multiple perspectives.
A decision support model for group decision making with hesitant fuzzy preference relations.
Neuro-fuzzy approach to forecast returns of scrapped products to recycling and remanufacturing.
IF-TODIM: An intuitionistic fuzzy TODIM to multi-criteria decision making.
Initialization of neural networks by means of decision trees.
Similarity classifier using similarities based on modified probabilistic equivalence relations.
A collaborative filtering approach to mitigate the new user cold start problem.
pi-football: A Bayesian network model for forecasting Association Football match outcomes.
Designers' activities examined at three levels: organization, strategies and problem-solving processes.
Structure identification of Bayesian classifiers based on GMDH.
Analysis on repeat-buying patterns.
A comparative study for content-based dynamic spam classification using four machine learning algorithms.
A social network analysis trust-consensus based approach to group decision-making problems with interval-valued fuzzy reciprocal preference relations.
A computational framework for concept formation for a situated design agent.
Fighting criminals: Adaptive inferring and choosing the next investigative objects in the criminal network.
A novel approach to dynamic portfolio trading system using multitree genetic programming.
Effects of examples on the results of a design activity.
Research on domain ontology in different granulations based on concept lattice.
Mining event logs to support workflow resource allocation.
Case-based reasoning in steel bridge engineering.
Context-sensitive trust computing in distributed environments.
Extending electronic coordination mechanisms using argumentation: the case of task allocation.
Multi-paradigm software environment for the real-time processing of sound, music and multimedia.
Efficient algorithms for mining high-utility itemsets in uncertain databases.
Using knowledge of misunderstandings to increase the robustness of spoken dialogue systems.
Parallelism in logic: its potential for performance and program development : F Kurfess Vieweg, Germany (1991).
Information-based dissimilarity assessment in Dempster-Shafer theory.
An approach to developing computational supports for reciprocal tutoring.
Composition Analyzer: support tool for composition analysis on painting masterpieces.
Exploiting semantic knowledge for robot object recognition.
Knowledge based method for building a software system configuration.
Presenting through performing: on the use of multiple lifelike characters in knowledge-based presentation systems.
Time efficient reconciliation of mappings in dynamic web ontologies.
A knowledge-based resource discovery for Internet of Things.
A sample-based hierarchical adaptive K-means clustering method for large-scale video retrieval.
Classifiers consensus system approach for credit scoring.
Knowledge-based process management - an approach to handling adaptive workflow.
A task-resource allocation method based on effectiveness.
Expert systems markets and suppliers.
A survey of methods used in probabilistic expert systems for knowledge integration.
Time for laughter.
Designing and evaluating user interfaces for knowledge-based systems : K L McGraw Ellis Horwood.
Consolidating SWOT analysis with nonhomogeneous uncertain preference information.
CSIEC: A computer assisted English learning chatbot based on textual knowledge and reasoning.
A new algorithm for approximate pattern mining in multi-graph collections.
The more obstacle information sharing, the more effective real-time path planning?
Knowledge elicitation: principles, techniques and applications: Dan Diaper (ed) Ellis Horwood Ltd., UK (1989) &#163;35, ISBN 0745804519, 270 pp.
Knowledge flow management for distributed team software development.
Ontology usage analysis in the ontology lifecycle: A state-of-the-art review.
Efficient community detection with additive constrains on large networks.
A two-stage approach for formulating fuzzy regression models.
MLSMOTE: Approaching imbalanced multilabel learning through synthetic instance generation.
The operations on intuitionistic fuzzy values in the framework of Dempster-Shafer theory.
Promoting the performance of vertical recommendation systems by applying new classification techniques.
Cooperation and strategy coexistence in a tag-based multi-agent system with contingent mobility.
Graphical norms via conceptual graphs.
A case-based knowledge system for safety evaluation decision making of thermal power plants.
Determinants of intangible assets value: The data mining approach.
Social summarization of text feedback for online auctions and interactive presentation of the summary.
Identifying the semantic orientation of terms using S-HAL for sentiment analysis.
GUIDE: Games with UML for interactive design exploration.
A Web Service trust evaluation model based on small-world networks.
Strategic knowledge in design: a compositional approach.
Consequence analysis theory for alarm analysis.
Hierarchical functional reasoning.
Anonymizing 1: M microdata with high utility.
Interaction with a mixed-initiative system for exploratory data analysis.
Archetype sub-ontology: Improving constraint-based clinical knowledge model in electronic health records.
A fuzzy TOPSIS model via chi-square test for information source selection.
A preprocess algorithm of filtering irrelevant information based on the minimum class difference.
Sequential three-way decision and granulation for cost-sensitive face recognition.
From numeric data to information granules: A design through clustering and the principle of justifiable granularity.
Saving time and memory in computational intelligence system with machine unification and task spooling.
Special issue: Knowledge-based neural networks.
Editorial.
Approximating the maximum common subgraph isomorphism problem with a weighted graph.
A unified motion planning method for parking an autonomous vehicle in the presence of irregularly placed obstacles.
Hyper-cylindrical micro-clustering for streaming data with unscheduled data removals.
Median evidential c-means algorithm and its application to community detection.
Neural networks and fuzzy systems : B Kosko Prentice-Hall.
A proposal for evolutionary fuzzy systems using feature weighting: Dealing with overlapping in imbalanced datasets.
Grouping multivariate time series variables: applications to chemical process and visual field data.
An uncertainty-based approach: Frequent itemset mining from uncertain data with different item importance.
Using the One-vs-One decomposition to improve the performance of class noise filters via an aggregation strategy in multi-class classification problems.
A linguistic decision support model for QoS priorities in networking.
Enhancing data exploration with a branching history of user operations.
Ontology, esthetics and creativity at the crossroads in Information System design.
An interpretation of intuitionistic fuzzy sets in terms of evidence theory: Decision making aspect.
Pornographic images recognition based on spatial pyramid partition and multi-instance ensemble learning.
A tree-based incremental overlapping clustering method using the three-way decision theory.
Genetic algorithm with healthy population and multiple streams sharing information for clustering.
A two-stage constructive method for the unweighted minimum string cover problem.
Integrating statistical and lexical information for recognizing textual entailments in text.
Speech emotion recognition using amplitude modulation parameters and a combined feature selection procedure.
Bilinear low-rank coding framework and extension for robust image recovery and feature representation.
Efficient mining of class association rules with the itemset constraint.
A novel quadrature particle filtering based on fuzzy c-means clustering.
Decision-making model to generate novel emergency response plans for improving coordination during large-scale emergencies.
Automated diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease affected patients using LDA, PCA, ICA and Discrete Wavelet Transform.
Probability weighted means as surrogates for stochastic dominance in decision making.
Short term load forecasting using a hybrid intelligent method.
Entropy of interval-valued fuzzy sets based on distance and its relationship with similarity measure.
A system for monitoring, assessing and certifying Quality of Service in telematic services.
Comparison study of orthonormal representations of functional data in classification.
ICADS expert design advisor: an aid to reflective thinking.
Socrates: a flexible toolkit for building logic-based expert systems.
Human-computer interaction viewed as pseudo-communication.
A special issue on new trends in Intelligent Decision Support Systems.
The design and implementation of AspectC++.
A rule-based process model for cooperative software projects: Tailoring and testing a software process to be used on the Web.
MOAMP-Tabu search and NSGA-II for a real Bi-objective scheduling-routing problem.
A novel semantic smoothing kernel for text classification with class-based weighting.
An analysis on the inference guiding strategies--The benefits and costs.
Random walk based rank aggregation to improving web search.
Storing OWL ontologies in object-oriented databases.
An AI-based system for pricing diverse products and services.
Knowledge-rich solutions to the binding problem: a simulation of some human computational mechanisms.
Guest Editorial: Big Social Data Analysis.
Research on the multi-attribute decision-making under risk with interval probability based on prospect theory and the uncertain linguistic variables.
Applications of rule-base coverage measures to expert system evaluation.
A knowledge-based problem solving method in GIS application.
Improving game bot behaviours through timed emotional intelligence.
Integration of neural networks and expert systems for microscopic wear particle analysis.
Random Balance: Ensembles of variable priors classifiers for imbalanced data.
An accelerator for attribute reduction based on perspective of objects and attributes.
From one graph to many: Ensemble transduction for content-based database retrieval.
Knowledge based metaphor interpretation.
Evolving spatial representations to support innovation and the communication of strategic knowledge.
Bayesian-based preference prediction in bilateral multi-issue negotiation between intelligent agents.
Feasibility study and impact assessment for a knowledge-based information-technology planning system.
Generalized multigranulation double-quantitative decision-theoretic rough set.
Recurrent neural networks and prior knowledge for sequence processing: a constrained nondeterministic approach.
Multi-label collective classification via Markov chain based learning method.
2-Tuple linguistic harmonic operators and their applications in group decision making.
Incremental updating approximations in dominance-based rough sets approach under the variation of the attribute set.
NMFE-SSCC: Non-negative matrix factorization ensemble for semi-supervised collective classification.
Methods for cross-language plagiarism detection.
A semantic backend for content management systems.
Recent advances and emerging challenges of feature selection in the context of big data.
A way of designing knowledge based systems.
Global feature selection from microarray data using Lagrange multipliers.
A survey of fingerprint classification Part II: Experimental analysis and ensemble proposal.
Factors influencing the adoption of Enterprise Social Software in Australia.
Hybrid multiple objective artificial bee colony with differential evolution for the time-cost-quality tradeoff problem.
25 years at Knowledge-Based Systems: A bibliometric analysis.
A generalized Gilbert algorithm and an improved MIES for one-class support vector machine.
Philosophical grounding and computational formalization for practice based engineering knowledge.
Integrity and rule checking in nonmonotonic knowledge bases.
Two methods of selecting Gaussian kernel parameters for one-class SVM and their application to fault detection.
Forecasting stock indices using radial basis function neural networks optimized by artificial fish swarm algorithm.
Online shop location optimization using a fuzzy multi-criteria decision model - Case study on Taobao.com.
Genetic algorithms in feature and instance selection.
CCSpan: Mining closed contiguous sequential patterns.
Uncertainty modeling using fuzzy measures.
Geometric Bonferroni means with their application in multi-criteria decision making.
Explaining how to play real-time strategy games.
Integration of conceptual graphs and government-binding theory.
A Hellinger-based discretization method for numeric attributes in classification learning.
O3R: Ontology-based mechanism for a human-centered environment targeted at the analysis of navigation patterns.
A classification algorithm based on local cluster centers with a few labeled training examples.
Categorization of web pages - Performance enhancement to search engine.
A lattice-based approach for mining most generalization association rules.
A hybrid generative/discriminative method for semi-supervised classification.
Dynamic coordination of ambulances for emergency medical assistance services.
Developing a framework for evaluating service oriented architecture governance (SOAG).
Processing online analytics with classification and association rule mining.
Representing and processing fuzzy information - an XML-based approach.
XAncestor: An efficient mapping approach for storing and querying XML documents in relational database using path-based technique.
A modified cultural algorithm with a balanced performance for the differential evolution frameworks.
Message passing between individual and socially acquainted objects in Smalltalk.
PCONFIG: a Web-based configuration tool for Configure-To-Order products.
A new method to determine basic probability assignment using core samples.
Pose and illumination variable face recognition via sparse representation and illumination dictionary.
A unified reduction algorithm based on invariant matrices for decision tables.
Integration of scientific data and formulae in an object-oriented knowledge-based system.
Automated rule selection for opinion target extraction.
Particle swarm optimization for time series motif discovery.
A multi-instance ensemble learning model based on concept lattice.
Modeling of a semantics core of linguistic terms based on an extension of hedge algebra semantics and its application.
Semi-supervised learning for refining image annotation based on random walk model.
An immune system-inspired rescheduling algorithm for workflow in Cloud systems.
The multi-depot split-delivery vehicle routing problem: Model and solution algorithm.
Computationally efficient induction of classification rules with the PMCRI and J-PMCRI frameworks.
Exploiting information extraction techniques for automatic semantic video indexing with an application to Turkish news videos.
Process Takagi-Sugeno model: A novel approach for handling continuous input and output functions and its application to time series prediction.
Hybrid models based on rough set classifiers for setting credit rating decision rules in the global banking industry.
Enhanced visual data mining process for dynamic decision-making.
Strategies for mixed reasoning with a graph-based reasoning engine.
Software requirement optimization using a multiobjective swarm intelligence evolutionary algorithm.
Knowledge-based approach to requirements engineering using method and domain knowledge.
Three computer-based models of storytelling: <sub>BRUTUS</sub>, <sub>MINSTREL</sub> and <sub>MEXICA</sub>.
Structural twin parametric-margin support vector machine for binary classification.
Mining combined causes in large data sets.
Improved modelling and control of oil and gas transport facility operations using artificial intelligence.
Finding association rules in semantic web data.
Log based business process engineering using fuzzy web service discovery.
Survey on rank preservation and rank reversal in data envelopment analysis.
Integrating user interface agents with conventional applications.
Integrating neural networks and logistic regression to underpin hyper-heuristic search.
Normal forms of rule-based knowledge systems.
A tree-network model for mining short message services seed users and its empirical analysis.
Initialization method for grammar-guided genetic programming.
Consensus reaching model in the complex and dynamic MAGDM problem.
Context-Specific grounding of web natural descriptions to human-centered situations.
Perspectives in artificial intelligence : J A Campbell and J Cuena Ellis Horwood Ltd.
Guest Editorial.
A dynamic attribute reduction algorithm based on 0-1 integer programming.
Evolution prediction of multi-scale information diffusion dynamics.
Back-propagation algorithm with variable adaptive momentum.
Some hesitant interval-valued fuzzy aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
Evidential cognitive maps.
Knowledge representation for preliminary stages of engineering tasks.
Effect of thesaurus size on schema matching quality.
SalesExplorer: Exploring sales opportunities from white-space customers in the enterprise market.
Multimodal tool support for creative tasks in the visual arts.
Deploying embodied AI into virtual worlds.
A model and its different applications to case-based reasoning.
Extended representation of the conceptual element in temporal context and the diachronism of the knowledge system.
XT Domineering: A new combinatorial game.
A hybrid approach to self-management in a pervasive service middleware.
Consensus building in group decision making based on multiplicative consistency with incomplete reciprocal preference relations.
Knowledge-based association rule mining using AND-OR taxonomies.
A knowledge-based approach for managing urban infrastructures.
Analyzing and evaluating dynamics in stide performance for intrusion detection.
Optimizing the echo state network with a binary particle swarm optimization algorithm.
Dempster-Shafer belief structures for decision making under uncertainty.
Learning and approximation capabilities of orthogonal super greedy algorithm.
Compacted decision tables based attribute reduction.
An agent-based geographical information system.
Editorial.
A Fuzzy Grey Cognitive Maps-based Decision Support System for radiotherapy treatment planning.
Learning classifier system with average reward reinforcement learning.
A structural model of end-user computing competency and user performance.
Using argumentation to model and deploy agent-based B2B applications.
Smart train operation algorithms based on expert knowledge and ensemble CART for the electric locomotive.
Maintenance of approximations in incomplete ordered decision systems while attribute values coarsening or refining.
Industrial challenges in managing product development knowledge.
New design goal of a classifier: Global and local structural risk minimization.
Machine learning: principles and techniques : Richard Forsyth.
Training Lagrangian twin support vector regression via unconstrained convex minimization.
A three-domain fuzzy wavelet network filter using fuzzy PSO for robotic assisted minimally invasive surgery.
NODES: a numerical and object based modelling system for conceptual engineering design.
Semi-supervised learning based on nearest neighbor rule and cut edges.
A data-driven approximate causal inference model using the evidential reasoning rule.
Recompiling learning processes from event logs.
A robust multi-class AdaBoost algorithm for mislabeled noisy data.
A tensor based hyper-heuristic for nurse rostering.
A model of organizational employees' e-learning systems acceptance.
Confirmation measures of association rule interestingness.
Consensus clustering based on constrained self-organizing map and improved Cop-Kmeans ensemble in intelligent decision support systems.
Intelligent index selection for case-based reasoning.
Data calibration for statistical-based assessment in constraint-based tutors.
A conceptual model of knowledge-based time-tabling system.
Artificial intelligence in design: D T Pham (Ed.).
Knowledge based decision support system to assist work-related risk analysis in musculoskeletal disorder.
Fast multi-class recognition of piecewise regular objects based on sequential three-way decisions and granular computing.
Assessment of affective state in distance learning based on image detection by using fuzzy fusion.
PC-based expert systems in manufacturing.
Utilizing user tag-based interests in recommender systems for social resource sharing websites.
Algorithms for fuzzy multi expert multi criteria decision making (ME-MCDM).
Uncertainty handling in semantic reasoning for accurate context understanding.
A comparison on multi-class classification methods based on least squares twin support vector machine.
Adaptive Forms: an interaction technique for entering structured data.
A new approach and insightful financial diagnoses for the IT industry based on a hybrid MADM model.
Subspace learning-based graph regularized feature selection.
The quasi-arithmetic intuitionistic fuzzy OWA operators.
Effective learning system techniques for human-robot interaction in service environment.
Product aspect extraction supervised with online domain knowledge.
K-nearest neighbor based structural twin support vector machine.
An advanced integrated expert system for wastewater treatment plants control.
Development of a knowledge-based system for cogeneration plant design: Verification, validation and lessons learned.
FlowWiki: A wiki based platform for ad hoc collaborative workflows.
Spectral clustering with density sensitive similarity function.
Guest Editorial.
Graph indexing for large networks: A neighborhood tree-based approach.
Attitude based teams in a hostile dynamic world.
DualDS: A dual discriminative rating elicitation framework for cold start recommendation.
Implementation of meronymic (part-whole) inheritance for semantic networks.
MAGE: A semantics retaining K-anonymization method for mixed data.
A selective Bayes Classifier for classifying incomplete data based on gain ratio.
Toward a hybrid data mining model for customer retention.
Improving short text classification by learning vector representations of both words and hidden topics.
A local approach to rule induction in multi-scale decision tables.
A hybrid system for multiobjective problems - A case study in NP-hard problems.
FIMUS: A framework for imputing missing values using co-appearance, correlation and similarity analysis.
Integrating expert systems and decision-support systems: principles and practice.
Combining complementary information sources in the Dempster-Shafer framework for solving classification problems with imperfect labels.
Design by interactive exploration using memory-based techniques.
Learning semantic representation with neural networks for community question answering retrieval.
A comparative study on feature reduction approaches in Hindi and Bengali named entity recognition.
A fuzzy ontology for semantic modelling and recognition of human behaviour.
Distance: A more comprehensible perspective for measures in rough set theory.
A cost-sensitive classification algorithm: BEE-Miner.
Fuzzy relations between Dempster-Shafer belief structures.
Learning conditional preference network from noisy samples using hypothesis testing.
An integrated expert system/operations research approach for the optimization of waste incinerator siting problems.
Dimensionality reduction via discretization.
Measuring effectiveness of ontology debugging systems.
Novel measurement for mining effective association rules.
Methodology for developing an advanced communications system for the Deaf in a new domain.
Expert system approach to electroencephalogram signal processing.
Mining web logs to improve hit ratios of prefetching and caching.
Knowledge-based cabin crew pattern generator.
PHIS: A system for scouting potential hubs and for favoring their "growth" in a Social Internetworking Scenario.
Credal c-means clustering method based on belief functions.
Multinomial mixture model with feature selection for text clustering.
Bipolar fuzzy rough set model on two different universes and its application.
Data clustering with size constraints.
Mining maximal frequent patterns in a single graph using inexact matching.
Feature space theory - a mathematical foundation for data mining.
A novel belief rule base representation, generation and its inference methodology.
A novel intuitive GUI method for user-friendly operation.
Neuro-fuzzy modelling in support of knowledge management in social regulation of access to cigarettes by minors.
Predicting the success of group buying auctions via classification.
CORBA infrastructure for distributed learning and meta-learning.
An evolutionary algorithm-based approach to robust analog circuit design using constrained multi-objective optimization.
XML, metadata and efficient knowledge discovery.
Modelling high-frequency FX rate dynamics: A zero-delay multi-dimensional HMM-based approach.
Neural network demand models and evolutionary optimisers for dynamic pricing.
Semiotic approaches to user interface design.
Fuzzy logic-based expert system to predict the results of finite element analysis.
A behavioral sequence analyzing framework for grouping students in an e-learning system.
Overview of human-computer collaboration.
How to model mutually exclusive events based on independent causal pathways in Bayesian network models.
Knowledge-collector agents: Applying intelligent agents in marketing decisions with knowledge management approach.
On compatibility of uncertain additive linguistic preference relations and its application in the group decision making.
Fuzzy unordered rule induction algorithm in text categorization on top of geometric particle swarm optimization term selection.
Extracting relevant knowledge for the detection of sarcasm and nastiness in the social web.
Towards an object-oriented logic framework for knowledge based systems.
Rough sets in distributed decision information systems.
Useful tools for non-linear systems: Several non-linear integral inequalities.
A concurrent dynamic logic of knowledge, belief and certainty for multi-agent systems.
Dictionary learning based on discriminative energy contribution for image classification.
Hybrid multi-model forecasting system: A case study on display market.
BitHash: An efficient bitwise Locality Sensitive Hashing method with applications.
A Metadatabase-supported shell for distributed processing and systems integration.
On-line fast palmprint identification based on adaptive lifting wavelet scheme.
Thyroid lesion classification in 242 patient population using Gabor transform features from high resolution ultrasound images.
TCRM: diagnosing tuple inconsistency for granulized datasets.
An integration method combining Rough Set Theory with formal concept analysis for personal investment portfolios.
A multi-expert model for dialogue and behavior control of conversational robots and agents.
On the analytic hierarchy process and decision support based on fuzzy-linguistic preference structures.
Hierarchical anonymization algorithms against background knowledge attack in data releasing.
A framework of general instruments for multimedia art creation.
Petri net ontology.
Abduction Machine-1 as wooden furniture.
A knowledge-based system approach for a context-aware system.
Computational models and optimal control strategies for emotion contagion in the human population in emergencies.
AICAMS: artificial intelligence crime analysis and management system.
A computational model for developing semantic web-based educational systems.
Local distance-based classification.
Improving network topology-based protein interactome mapping via collaborative filtering.
Usage and generality of knowledge in the interpretation of diagrams.
Limited-Damage A*: A path search algorithm that considers damage as a feasibility criterion.
Rule-based algorithms for geographic constraints in a marine knowledge-based system.
A new distance-based total uncertainty measure in the theory of belief functions.
Editorial: IUI 99.
Parameter learning for the belief rule base system in the residual life probability prediction of metalized film capacitor.
Domain-dependent distributed models for railway scheduling.
A novel fruit fly optimization algorithm for the semiconductor final testing scheduling problem.
Uninorm trust propagation and aggregation methods for group decision making in social network with four tuple information.
An improved hybrid genetic algorithm: new results for the quadratic assignment problem.
Eliciting user preferences through a guided design personalization process.
Modeling and optimization for the joint replenishment and delivery problem with heterogeneous items.
Interest before liking: Two-step recommendation approaches.
Two credit scoring models based on dual strategy ensemble trees.
The TODIM analysis approach based on novel measured functions under hesitant fuzzy environment.
Towards a communication model applied to the interface design process.
Adaptive affinity propagation method based on improved cuckoo search.
A structure optimization framework for feed-forward neural networks using sparse representation.
Mining summarization of high utility itemsets.
An integrated knowledge based system for sheet metal cutting-punching combination processing.
Automated conversion between different knowledge representation formats.
Returns to scale and scale elasticity in the presence of weight restrictions and alternative solutions.
MDSE advisor: knowledge-based techniques applied to software design assessment.
Improving business process retrieval using categorization and multimodal search.
Parallel search-and-learn technique for solving large scale travelling-salesperson problems.
The KRAFT architecture for knowledge fusion and transformation.
A low lighting or contrast ratio visible iris recognition using iso-contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization.
Variable space hidden Markov model for topic detection and analysis.
A class of hybrid morphological perceptrons with application in time series forecasting.
Ontology-driven relational query formulation using the semantic and assertional capabilities of OWL-DL.
On mapping decision trees and neural networks.
Using a web Personal Evaluation Tool - PET for lexicographic multi-criteria service selection.
Robust evidential reasoning approach with unknown attribute weights.
Metaphor as a mechanism for reorganizing the type hierarchy.
Development of a group recommender application in a Social Network.
Spatial reasoning with a qualitative representation.
Knowledge-based clustering approach for data abstraction.
Domain knowledge query conversation bots in instant messaging (IM).
Crisscross optimization algorithm and its application.
Knowledge-support systems.
Algorithms and application in decision-making for the finest splitting of a set of formulae.
Optimal parameters selection for BP neural network based on particle swarm optimization: A case study of wind speed forecasting.
Exponential random graph modeling of emergency collaboration networks.
Data mining techniques for the screening of age-related macular degeneration.
Structure learning for belief rule base expert system: A comparative study.
Nonparametric bivariate copula estimation based on shape-restricted support vector regression.
Collaborative filtering with social regularization for TV program recommendation.
A cross organisation compatible workflows generation and execution framework.
Three-way decisions based software defect prediction.
An Invertebrate Semantic/Software Application Development Framework for knowledge-based systems.
A study on the classified model and the agent collaboration model for network configuration fault management.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy continuous weighted entropy and its application to multi-criteria fuzzy group decision making.
A novel soft set approach in selecting clustering attribute.
The semantic web as a Linguistic resource: Opportunities for natural language generation.
Strategies for predicting local trust based on trust propagation in social networks.
Application of an expert system to monitoring and control in aquaculture.
Spatio-temporal Pattern discovery in sensor data: A multivalued decision systems approach.
AI microprocessor on PC.
A model-based approach to robot fault diagnosis.
A new optimal consensus method with minimum cost in fuzzy group decision.
Improving Tree augmented Naive Bayes for class probability estimation.
Model correspondence as a basis for schema domination.
Dealing with inconsistent secure messages by weighting majority.
Mining sustainability indicators to classify hydrocarbon development.
Lexicographic max-min approach for an integrated vendor-managed inventory problem.
MAG: A performance evaluation framework for database systems.
Knowledge-based systems: a new perspective.
MENTOR: A graphical monitoring tool of preferences evolution in large-scale group decision making.
A framework for intelligent medical diagnosis using the theory of evidence.
Learning distributed word representation with multi-contextual mixed embedding.
Generalized hesitant fuzzy sets and their application in decision support system.
MIDAS: an application of model-based reasoning for the diagnosis of hydraulic systems.
A tree structure for event-based sequence mining.
Decision support for improved service effectiveness using domain aware text mining.
Methods to describe and recognize sign language based on gesture components represented by symbols and numerical values.
Agent that models, reasons and makes decisions.
Automatic microcalcification and cluster detection for digital and digitised mammograms.
Linear fuzzy space based road lane model and detection.
ExpertPriz - an integrated expert system shell.
Hierarchical attribute reduction algorithms for big data using MapReduce.
Feature selection via neighborhood multi-granulation fusion.
Toward an outsider agent for supporting a brainstorming session -- an information retrieval method from a different viewpoint.
Frameworks for knowledge-based systems.
Predicting protein secondary structure using a mixed-modal SVM method in a compound pyramid model.
Utilizing transfer learning for in-domain collaborative filtering.
Use of maximum entropy method as a methodology for probabilistic reasoning.
Cost-sensitive learning for defect escalation.
Coverage-based resampling: Building robust consolidated decision trees.
Seasonal SVR with FOA algorithm for single-step and multi-step ahead forecasting in monthly inbound tourist flow.
A data mining approach to discover genetic and environmental factors involved in multifactorial diseases.
A camera-direction dependent visual-motor coordinate transformation for a visually guided neural robot.
A competitive ensemble pruning approach based on cross-validation technique.
Measuring ontology information by rules based transformation.
Intelligent interface for interactive video.
Plans in natural-language dialogues.
Towards quality control for knowledge-based systems development.
Learning robust uniform features for cross-media social data by using cross autoencoders.
An opposite direction searching algorithm for calculating the type-1 ordered weighted average.
Modular neural networks for recursive collaborative forecasting in the service chain.
Integrating fuzzy data mining and fuzzy artificial neural networks for discovering implicit knowledge.
An ontology-based adaptive personalized e-learning system, assisted by software agents on cloud storage.
A knowledge-based tool for multi-agent domain engineering.
A Bayesian stochastic search method for discovering Markov boundaries.
Graph-based approaches to debugging and revision of terminologies in DL-Lite.
Semantic foundations of medical information systems based on top-level ontologies.
Building and managing fuzzy ontologies with heterogeneous linguistic information.
Predicting financial distress and corporate failure: A review from the state-of-the-art definitions, modeling, sampling, and featuring approaches.
Agent-based analysis and simulation of the consumer airline market share for Frontier Airlines.
Hermeneutics in expert systems.
Comparison and links between two 2-tuple linguistic models for decision making.
Bayesian networks based rare event prediction with sensor data.
Cognitive pilot-aircraft interface for single-pilot operations.
Bagging-like metric learning for support vector regression.
New avenues in knowledge bases for natural language processing.
Framework for modeling and analysis of distributed problem-solving systems.
Cognitive task analysis and interface design in a technical troubleshooting domain.
Cooperative software agents for the Unix domain.
Corpus callosum MR image classification.
A neural network approach to predicting stock exchange movements using external factors.
Modeling the knowledge-flow view for collaborative knowledge support.
A new marketing strategy map for direct marketing.
User profiling approaches for demographic recommender systems.
Advanced ontology management system for personalised e-Learning.
Finding overlapping community from social networks based on community forest model.
Special Issue on Innovative techniques and applications of artificial intelligence.
Data description: A general framework of information granules.
Construction of a technology adoption decision-making model and its extension to understanding herd behavior.
Knowledge representation and discovery based on linguistic atoms.
Change management in evolving web ontologies.
Modelling contextual constraints in probabilistic relaxation for multi-class semi-supervised learning.
Knowledge-based system for rapid prototyping.
Human endocrine system modeling based on ontologies.
Semantically-grounded construction of centroids for datasets with textual attributes.
TEII: Topic enhanced inverted index for top-k document retrieval.
Noise filtering to improve data and model quality for crowdsourcing.
Concept development of consumer goods utilizing strategic knowledge.
Aggregating consistent endgame knowledge in Chinese Chess.
Representations of strategic knowledge in design.
Term-weighting learning via genetic programming for text classification.
Ranking and selection of unsupervised learning marketing segmentation.
Fast instance selection for speeding up support vector machines.
Discrete particle swarm optimization approach for cost sensitive attribute reduction.
Some methods to deal with unacceptable incomplete 2-tuple fuzzy linguistic preference relations in group decision making.
Support vector-based algorithms with weighted dynamic time warping kernel function for time series classification.
A cloud of FAQ: A highly-precise FAQ retrieval system for the Web 2.0.
IncOrder: Incremental density-based community detection in dynamic networks.
Training for crisis decision making - An approach based on plan adaptation.
Knowledge-based data generation.
An object-oriented development method for Customer Knowledge Management Information Systems.
A computational simulation tool for training autistic reasoning about mental attitudes.
Multi-attribute comprehensive evaluation of individual research output based on published research papers.
EULE: A Knowledge-Based System to Support Business Processes.
Approaches to multiple-criteria group decision making based on interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy Choquet integral with respect to the generalized &#955;-Shapley index.
Interaction in multimedia art.
Hesitant fuzzy multi-attribute decision making based on TOPSIS with incomplete weight information.
Perceptually grounded self-diagnosis and self-repair of domain knowledge.
AspectC++: An integrated approach for static and dynamic adaptation of system software.
Representing instructional design methods using ontologies and rules.
Semi-automatic analysis of two-dimensional electrophoretic gels.
Reducing consistency checks in generating corrective explanations for interactive constraint satisfaction.
A vague-rough set approach for uncertain knowledge acquisition.
Special Issue on "Computational Approaches for Early Stages of Design".
A Data Mining methodology for cross-sales.
Discovering original motifs with different lengths from time series.
Propa: a papaya management expert system.
Issues for integrating knowledge in new product development: reflections from an empirical study.
Collaborative filtering adapted to recommender systems of e-learning.
Implement web learning environment based on data mining.
A comment on modified big-M method to recognize the infeasibility of linear programming models.
The connections between three-way and classical concept lattices.
Advanced knowledge-base environments for large database systems.
A knowledge-based approach for checking software information using a non-monotonic reasoning system.
Design sketches and sketch design tools.
Modelling knowledge-based creative design : John S Gero and Mary Lou Maher (Eds.).
An incremental retrieval mechanism for case-based electronic fault diagnosis.
Adaptation, response and knowledge.
Two-stage approach for reliable dynamic Web service composition.
A method for multiple attribute decision making with incomplete weight information under uncertain linguistic environment.
Multiple criteria ranking and choice with all compatible minimal cover sets of decision rules.
Eye-tracking for user modeling in exploratory learning environments: An empirical evaluation.
Mining negative generalized knowledge from relational databases.
EMADS: An extendible multi-agent data miner.
A sub-block-based eigenphases algorithm with optimum sub-block size.
Traffic big data prediction and visualization using Fast Incremental Model Trees-Drift Detection (FIMT-DD).
Discovering implicit intention-level knowledge from natural-language texts.
Quantifying the value of knowledge within the context of product development.
Discriminative subprofile-specific representations for author profiling in social media.
Advances in artificial intelligence CIIAM 86: Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on AI: Kogan Page Ltd., (1987) &#163;40.00 325 pp ISBN 1-8509-1333-1.
Beyond cluster labeling: Semantic interpretation of clusters' contents using a graph representation.
Profiling instances in noise reduction.
An integrated knowledge-based system for grasslands ecosystems.
Neighborhood systems-based rough sets in incomplete information system.
SOPHIA-TCBR: A knowledge discovery framework for textual case-based reasoning.
Mining weighted sequential patterns in a sequence database with a time-interval weight.
Privacy-preserving kriging interpolation on partitioned data.
Intelligent multi-shot 3D visualization interfaces.
A multi-level approach using genetic algorithms in an ensemble of Least Squares Support Vector Machines.
Swarm intelligence approaches to estimate electricity energy demand in Turkey.
Stochastic Fractal Search: A powerful metaheuristic algorithm.
An incremental approach for attribute reduction based on knowledge granularity.
Creating knowledge maps by exploiting dependent relationships.
The aggregation of multiple three-way decision spaces.
Special issue on "Advances in fuzzy knowledge systems: Theory and application".
Instance selection of linear complexity for big data.
Combining symbolic classifiers from multiple inducers.
Semantic search in the World News domain using automatically extracted metadata files.
A generalized fuzzy ID3 algorithm using generalized information entropy.
Successes and failures of KBSs in real-world applications: Report on the international conference.
A search problem in complex diagnostic Bayesian networks.
A novel three-way decision model based on incomplete information system.
Developing a knowledge-based system for complex geometrical product specification (GPS) data manipulation.
Interference analysis in multiple rule firing systems.
An axiomatic model for concept structure description and its application to circuit design.
Mapping rule-based systems into neural architecture.
A graph-based relevance feedback mechanism in content-based image retrieval.
Coronary artery disease detection using computational intelligence methods.
A knowledge-based approach for business process reengineering, SHAMASH.
Diagnostic reasoning based on means-end models: experiences and future prospects.
Discriminant sparse local spline embedding with application to face recognition.
A clipping dual coordinate descent algorithm for solving support vector machines.
The extended VIKOR method for multi-attribute group decision making with triangular intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Preference-based clustering reviews for augmenting e-commerce recommendation.
Reuse of designs.
A financial early warning logit model and its efficiency verification approach.
Personalizing user-agent interaction.
Controlling functional fixedness: the essence of successful reuse.
Corrigendum to "Exploring the strategy to improve senior citizens' participations on recreational sports" [Knowledge-Based Syst. 26 (2012) 86-92].
Facial expression recognition with automatic segmentation of face regions using a fuzzy based classification approach.
Model for exploiting associative matching in AI production systems.
Uncertain mean-variance and mean-semivariance models for optimal project selection and scheduling.
Collaborative Topic Regression with social trust ensemble for recommendation in social media systems.
Interactive programming approach for solving the fully fuzzy bilevel linear programming problem.
Mining associative classification rules with stock trading data - A GA-based method.
Using geospatial business intelligence to support regional infrastructure governance.
Automatic signal abnormality detection using time-frequency features and machine learning: A newborn EEG seizure case study.
Frame-based implementation of a design knowledge-capture scheme.
A novel approach to minimum attribute reduction based on quantum-inspired self-adaptive cooperative co-evolution.
Agent-based analysis and simulation of meta-reasoning processes in strategic naval planning.
Balancing accuracy, complexity and interpretability in consumer credit decision making: A C-TOPSIS classification approach.
CG-SQL: a front-end language for conceptual graph knowledge bases.
Rule-based systems formalized within a software architectural style.
Behavioral intention formation in knowledge sharing: Examining the roles of KMS quality, KMS self-efficacy, and organizational climate.
Fisheye Matching: viewpoint-sensitive feature generation based on concept structure.
A semiotic engineering approach to user interface design.
Measuring enterprise IT capability: A total IT capability perspective.
A blended E-learning experience in a course of object oriented programming fundamentals.
Jmax-pruning: A facility for the information theoretic pruning of modular classification rules.
Average-case consistency measurement and analysis of interval-valued reciprocal preference relations.
A cost sensitive decision tree algorithm with two adaptive mechanisms.
Guest Editorial.
Determining the best set of seismicity indicators to predict earthquakes. Two case studies: Chile and the Iberian Peninsula.
Iteratively constrained selection of word alignment links using knowledge and statistics.
A software architecture for distributed organization management.
Automatic instance selection via locality constrained sparse representation for missing value estimation.
The adaptive neuro-fuzzy model for forecasting the domestic debt.
Integrating AI planning techniques with workflow management system.
Knowledge-based programming environments.
Two-criteria method for comparing real-valued and interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy values.
Knowledge based systems series Vol. 1: Knowledge acquisition for knowledge based systems Vol. 2: Knowledge acquisition tools for expert systems: B Gaines and J Boose (Eds).
Recommendation based on rational inferences in collaborative filtering.
Cost-sensitive feature selection using random forest: Selecting low-cost subsets of informative features.
Another approach to soft rough sets.
Credit risk assessment and decision making by a fusion approach.
Robot docking based on omnidirectional vision and reinforcement learning.
Novel feature selection method based on harmony search for email classification.
Knowledge-based approach to Petri nets analysis.
Learning regular expressions to template-based FAQ retrieval systems.
Combining task execution and background knowledge for the verification of medical guidelines.
Rough approximation based strategy model between a green building developer and a contractor under a fuzzy environment.
Rating LDA model for collaborative filtering.
A survey of fingerprint classification Part I: Taxonomies on feature extraction methods and learning models.
When eigenfaces are combined with wavelets.
Attribute reduction: A dimension incremental strategy.
FindMal: A file-to-file social network based malware detection framework.
Proteus: Visuospatial analogy in problem-solving.
Ranking evaluation of institutions based on a Bayesian network having a latent variable.
Constructing the Lyee method with a method engineering approach.
Dominance intensity measuring methods in MCDM with ordinal relations regarding weights.
A general framework for privacy preserving data publishing.
MEFES: An evolutionary proposal for the detection of exceptions in subgroup discovery. An application to Concentrating Photovoltaic Technology.
A quantitative model on knowledge management for team cooperation.
Generating legal arguments.
Can a large knowledge base be built by importing and unifying diverse knowledge?: lessons from scruffy work.
Hierarchical fuzzy logic based approach for object tracking.
Corrigendum to "Multi-kernel learnt partial linear regularization network and its application to predict the liquid steel temperature in ladle furnace" [Knowl.-Based Syst. 36 (2012) 280-287].
Integration of genetic fuzzy systems and artificial neural networks for stock price forecasting.
Hierarchical clustering algorithm for categorical data using a probabilistic rough set model.
A model for colour naming and comparing based on conceptual neighbourhood. An application for comparing art compositions.
Intelligent data analysis for conservation: experiments with rhino horn fingerprint identification.
Knowledge-based system for supporting statistical database management.
A sliding windows based dual support framework for discovering emerging trends from temporal data.
Erratum to "An integrated expert system/operations research approach for the optimization of waste incinerator siting problems" [Knowledge-Based Systems 18 (2005) 267-278].
Orthogonal simplified swarm optimization for the series-parallel redundancy allocation problem with a mix of components.
Spectral clustering with discriminant cuts.
Design tools as agents of disclosure.
A new approach to the rule-base evidential reasoning in the intuitionistic fuzzy setting.
Soft set based association rule mining.
An object-oriented intelligent CAD system for ceramic kiln.
A hybrid cognitive assessment based on ontology knowledge map and skills.
Approximate concepts acquisition based on formal contexts.
Wavelet feature extraction and genetic algorithm for biomarker detection in colorectal cancer data.
A special issue on Intelligent Decision Support and Warning Systems.
The effect of feature selection on financial distress prediction.
A syntactical approach for interpersonal trust prediction in social web applications: Combining contextual and structural data.
Misunderstanding and the negotiation of meaning using abduction.
Online reputation management for improving marketing by using a hybrid MCDM model.
Transformation of bipolar fuzzy rough set models.
Adaptive Bayesian personalized ranking for heterogeneous implicit feedbacks.
The importance of retrieval in creative design analogies.
Transformation of rough set models.
Text classification based on multi-word with support vector machine.
A complete pattern recognition approach under Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
RFBoost: An improved multi-label boosting algorithm and its application to text categorisation.
Bipolar fuzzy graphs with applications.
Building the meaning of preference from logical paired structures.
An effective ensemble pruning algorithm based on frequent patterns.
Knowledge evolution course discovery in a professional virtual community.
Multiagent meta-model for strategic decision support.
Towards a language-independent solution: Knowledge base completion by searching the Web and deriving language pattern.
An efficient L2-norm regularized least-squares temporal difference learning algorithm.
An extended hyperbola model for road tracking for video-based personal navigation.
Towards a formal semantics of social influence.
An effective and efficient differential evolution algorithm for the integrated stochastic joint replenishment and delivery model.
SFFS-PC-NN optimized by genetic algorithm for dynamic prediction of financial distress with longitudinal data streams.
FHN: An efficient algorithm for mining high-utility itemsets with negative unit profits.
Graph-based approach for outlier detection in sequential data and its application on stock market and weather data.
Argument representation for editorial text.
Interestingness measures for association rules based on statistical validity.
Multiple Matrix Learning Machine with Five Aspects of Pattern Information.
Preface for the special issue: Uncertainty modeling and analytics in knowledge engineering.
On concept reduction based on some graph properties.
IngeniousTRIZ: An automatic ontology-based system for solving inventive problems.
Information systems: a knowledge-based perspective.
Exploring the strategy to improve senior citizens' participations on recreational sports.
Building a knowledge-efficient sanding advisor.
Bankruptcy prediction models based on multinorm analysis: An alternative to accounting ratios.
MISMIS - A comprehensive decision support system for stock market investment.
Pattern set mining with schema-based constraint.
An enhanced trust propagation approach with expertise and homophily-based trust networks.
A method for multi-granularity uncertain linguistic group decision making with incomplete weight information.
OnCob: An ontology-based knowledge system for supporting position and classification of co-branding strategy.
Failing of Dempster's combining rule of interval-given probabilities.
Concept similarity in Formal Concept Analysis: An information content approach.
Reasoning with part-part relations in a description logic.
The synergistic combination of particle swarm optimization and fuzzy sets to design granular classifier.
Hierarchical task network-based emergency task planning with incomplete information, concurrency and uncertain duration.
Construction of fuzzy ontologies from fuzzy XML models.
A knowledge-based question answering system for B2C eCommerce.
Intelligent knowledge engineering systems.
Mining opinion summarizations using convolutional neural networks in Chinese microblogging systems.
Support image set machine: Jointly learning representation and classifier for image set classification.
A fast incremental algorithm for deleting objects from a concept lattice.
Model checking communicative agent-based systems.
A mapping-based tree similarity algorithm and its application to ontology alignment.
WebPersona: a lifelike presentation agent for the World-Wide Web.
Representing discourse for collaborative interactive generation.
Ontology-based context synchronization for ad hoc social collaborations.
OntoPlus: Text-driven ontology extension using ontology content, structure and co-occurrence information.
An approach to providing a user of a "social folksonomy" with recommendations of similar users and potentially interesting resources.
Knowledge discovery in social networks by using a logic-based treatment of implications.
Retrospective analysis for knowledge-based idea generation of new artifacts.
Facilitating DL-based hybrid reasoning with inference fusion.
Missing value imputation using decision trees and decision forests by splitting and merging records: Two novel techniques.
Parallel architectures for AI semantic network processing.
Software architecture critics in the Argo design environment.
Clayworks: Toward user-oriented software for collaborative modeling and simulation.
On the use of irreducible elements for reducing multi-adjoint concept lattices.
Recommender systems for product bundling.
Vanishing windows: an approach to adaptive window management.
Fuzzy partitioning for clinical DSSs using statistical information transformed into possibility-based knowledge.
Time series visualization based on shape features.
Iconic pictorial retrieval using multiple attributes and spatial relationships.
Resource allocation under a strategic alliance: How a cooperative network with knowledge flow spurs co-evolution.
A state-based knowledge representation approach for information logical inconsistency detection in warning systems.
An adaptive multi-population artificial bee colony algorithm for dynamic optimisation problems.
An extended VIKOR method based on prospect theory for multiple attribute decision making under interval type-2 fuzzy environment.
Robust outlier detection using the instability factor.
Fast and reliable inference of semantic clusters.
Understanding consumer heterogeneity: A business intelligence application of neural networks.
A knowledge-based expert system for assessing the performance level of green buildings.
Hybrid decision tree.
A musical system for emotional expression.
Classification of multivariate time series using two-dimensional singular value decomposition.
A hybrid metaheuristic for the cyclic antibandwidth problem.
Hamshahri: A standard Persian text collection.
Reasoning with geometric information in digital space.
Rule induction package launched to complement system development.
Maximally efficient dialogue mode algorithm.
Special issue on: Knowledge-Bases for Cognitive Infocommunications Systems (KBCICS).
Combining VIKOR-DANP model for glamor stock selection and stock performance improvement.
How friends affect user behaviors? An exploration of social relation analysis for recommendation.
Declarative approach to information systems requirements.
Security similarity based trust in cyber space.
Topic knowledge map and knowledge structure constructions with genetic algorithm, information retrieval, and multi-dimension scaling method.
Expert systems for planning and controlling physical networks in the water industry.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy probability and Markov chains.
Trust measures for competitive agents.
Testing collaborative strategies by computational simulation: cognitive and task effects.
Efficient frequent itemset mining methods over time-sensitive streams.
Conceptual modelling: an essential pillar for quality software development.
CBAR: an efficient method for mining association rules.
Sensor-based human activity recognition system with a multilayered model using time series shapelets.
Genetic fuzzy markup language for game of NoGo.
An experimental ant colony approach for the geolocation of verbal route descriptions.
Pruning boosted classifiers with a real valued genetic algorithm.
Trust Description and Propagation System: Semantics and axiomatization.
Aspect-based latent factor model by integrating ratings and reviews for recommender system.
A discrete consensus support model for multiple attribute group decision making.
A computational model for causal learning in cognitive agents.
A 'non-parametric' version of the naive Bayes classifier.
A fast scheme for multilevel thresholding based on a modified bees algorithm.
Prioritized fuzzy logic based information processing in relational databases.
Erratum to "Hesitant fuzzy multi-attribute decision making based on TOPSIS with incomplete weight information" [Knowl. Based Syst. 52(2013) 53-64]
Using frames for knowledge representation in a CORBA-based distributed environment.
Music composition as hypothesis formation: a blackboard concept of musical creativity.
Fast data-oriented microaggregation algorithm for large numerical datasets.
Exhaustive simulation of consecutive mental states of human agents.
Trust-inspiring explanation interfaces for recommender systems.
Constructing Bayesian networks for criminal profiling from limited data.
Concept formation in design.
Building software agents for training systems: A case study on radiotherapy treatment planning.
ESIS: Emotion-based spreader-ignorant-stifler model for information diffusion.
Classification with test costs and background knowledge.
Knowledge reduction in decision formal contexts.
ClustOfVar and the segmentation of cruise passengers from mixed data: Some managerial implications.
Web usage mining with evolutionary extraction of temporal fuzzy association rules.
Characteristic matrixes-based knowledge reduction in dynamic covering decision information systems.
Expert systems in banking and securities.
Accumulation of object representations utilising interaction of robot action and perception.
Using neural word embeddings to model user behavior and detect user segments.
Case-based maintenance: Structuring and incrementing the case base.
Fuzzy C-Means clustering of incomplete data based on probabilistic information granules of missing values.
Design and validation of a relative trust model.
Editorial.
Goal-driven blackboard control architecture based on extending partially complete general goal trees.
Secrecy of cryptographic protocols under equational theory.
A new family of information content models with an experimental survey on WordNet.
Use of genetic algorithms in training diagnostic rules for process fault diagnosis.
APACS: a multi-agent system with repository support.
Multicriteria decision-making based on goal programming and fuzzy analytic hierarchy process: An application to capital budgeting problem.
Optimal discrete fitting aggregation approach with hesitant fuzzy information.
Exchanging courses between different Intelligent Tutoring Systems: A generic course generation authoring tool.
Representing dialogic argumentation.
Detecting mismatches among experts' ontologies acquired through knowledge elicitation.
Building machine-readable knowledge representations for Turkish sign language generation.
Use of textual and conceptual profiles for personalized retrieval of political documents.
Extending the superimposed codeword indexing scheme to handle incomplete information.
An ontological account of action in processes and plans.
Comparison between different kinds of approximations by using a family of binary relations.
Robust support vector data description for outlier detection with noise or uncertain data.
Ontology-driven hypothesis generation to explain anomalous patient responses to treatment.
Object-oriented systems: the commercial benefits.
Conceptual models of drug-drug interactions: A summary of recent efforts.
SINVLIO: Using semantics and fuzzy logic to provide individual investment portfolio recommendations.
Fourth party logistics routing problem model with fuzzy duration time and cost discount.
Dynamic classifier selection for one-class classification.
Multi-objective optimization for long tail recommendation.
Using multiple uncertain examples and adaptative fuzzy reasoning to optimize image characterization.
Guest Editorial.
When actions have consequences: empirically based decision making for intelligent user interfaces.
A semantic approach to data translation: A case study of environmental observations data.
Knowledge based representation and operations assessment of space transportation system architectures.
KJ editor: a card-handling tool for creative work support.
Weighted linear loss twin support vector machine for large-scale classification.
Developing an expert system based on association rules and predicate logic for earthquake prediction.
Artificial intelligence planning of military missions.
An intelligent system for tuning magnetic field of a cathode ray tube deflection yoke.
Preference recommendation for personalized search.
Special Issue on "Intelligent Software Design".
Data mining method for listed companies' financial distress prediction.
Analysis of cross-price effects on markdown policies by using function approximation techniques.
Learning filtering rulesets for ranking refinement in relevance feedback.
A cloud model based fruit fly optimization algorithm.
Enhancing general-purpose tools with multi-state previewing capabilities.
Chance-constrained DEA models with random fuzzy inputs and outputs.
Integration techniques in intelligent operational management: a review.
Ontology languages for the semantic web: A never completely updated review.
Particle Swarm Optimization based dictionary learning for remote sensing big data.
Uncertain multi-attributes decision making method based on interval number with probability distribution weighted operators and stochastic dominance degree.
Computing connected components of simple undirected graphs based on generalized rough sets.
Dynamic modelling with an integrated ecological knowledge-based system.
Editorial.
Improved pseudo nearest neighbor classification.
A social network-based trust-aware propagation model for P2P systems.
Analysis of the k-means algorithm in the case of data points occurring on the border of two or more clusters.
Biasing Bayesian Optimization Algorithm using Case Based Reasoning.
Interpretable knowledge extraction from emergency call data based on fuzzy unsupervised decision tree.
A probabilistic approach to mitigate composition attacks on privacy in non-coordinated environments.
Sentence recognition using artificial neural networks.
Predicting individual retweet behavior by user similarity: A multi-task learning approach.
Constructive knowledge engineering.
Similarity and (&#945;, &#946;)-equalities of intuitionistic fuzzy choice functions based on triangular norms.
Ontology-based personalised retrieval in support of reminiscence.
Specification of a performance indicator using the evidential-reasoning approach.
A seasonal discrete grey forecasting model for fashion retailing.
SPAN: Finding collaborative frauds in online auctions.
Consensus modeling with nonlinear utility and cost constraints: A case study.
Editorial.
Double-quantitative fusion of accuracy and importance: Systematic measure mining, benign integration construction, hierarchical attribute reduction.
A priori trust inference with context-aware stereotypical deep learning.
A knowledge-based multi-agent evolutionary algorithm for semiconductor final testing scheduling problem.
On the possibility of fuzzy method and its mathematical framework in OBE measurements.
A multi-instance learning wrapper based on the Rocchio classifier for web index recommendation.
Robust simultaneous positive data clustering and unsupervised feature selection using generalized inverted Dirichlet mixture models.
Processes of knowledge and software.
Survey and critique of techniques for extracting rules from trained artificial neural networks.
A flow-based three-dimensional collaborative decision-making model for supply-chain networks.
Expert systems: Human issues : D Berry and A Hart.
NewsMiner: Multifaceted news analysis for event search.
A mobile knowledge management decision support system for automatically conducting an electronic business.
Cognitively-inspired representational approach to meaning in machine dialogue.
Classification of incomplete data based on belief functions and K-nearest neighbors.
A framework for strategy formulation based on clustering approach: A case study in a corporate organization.
Exploiting relevance, coverage, and novelty for query-focused multi-document summarization.
Making decision in case-based systems using probabilities and rough sets.
Optimizing a bi-objective reliable facility location problem with adapted stochastic measures using tuned-parameter multi-objective algorithms.
An algorithm of constructing concept lattices for CAT with cognitive diagnosis.
A novel locust swarm algorithm for the joint replenishment problem considering multiple discounts simultaneously.
A belief propagation-based method for task allocation in open and dynamic cloud environments.
Multiple empirical kernel learning with locality preserving constraint.
Development of a KBS for managing bank loan risk.
Developing a hybrid intelligent model for forecasting problems: Case study of tourism demand time series.
What does the representation talk back to you?
DR-BROKERING: A semantic brokering system.
Methods for model-based reasoning within agent-based Ambient Intelligence applications.
Multiple-output support vector regression with a firefly algorithm for interval-valued stock price index forecasting.
Top-k high utility pattern mining with effective threshold raising strategies.
Naturally intelligent systems: M Caudill and C Butler.
Lattice-valued matrix game with mixed strategies for intelligent decision support.
Knowledge engineering in design.
Dynamic exploration designs for graphical models using clustering with applications to petroleum exploration.
Dynamic customer lifetime value prediction using longitudinal data: An improved multiple kernel SVR approach.
Movie-based representation of reduction operations in numerical computing.
A smart TV system with body-gesture control, tag-based rating and context-aware recommendation.
Random spatial subspace clustering.
A regularized root-quartic mixture of experts for complex classification problems.
Robust boosting classification models with local sets of probability distributions.
Computer aided diagnosis with case-based reasoning and genetic algorithms.
Knowledge acquisition for expert systems in accounting and financial problem domains.
Forecasting of turbine heat rate with online least squares support vector machine based on gravitational search algorithm.
Creativity, emergence and evolution in design.
Decentralized multi-objective bilevel decision making with fuzzy demands.
A novel image retrieval model based on the most relevant features.
A local learning algorithm for random weights networks.
Grey relational analysis model for dynamic hybrid multiple attribute decision making.
Converting an imperative program to a declarative one.
Agent-based formation of virtual organisations.
An extended formalism to constraint logic programming for decision analysis.
Random projection ensemble learning with multiple empirical kernels.
Identification and predictive control for a circulation fluidized bed boiler.
A label ranking method based on Gaussian mixture model.
Incorporating appraisal expression patterns into topic modeling for aspect and sentiment word identification.
Spectral co-clustering ensemble.
Computers, choreography and creativity.
Supervised feature subset selection with ordinal optimization.
A new automatic identification system of insect images at the order level.
Modeling semantic knowledge structures for creative problem solving: Studies on expressing concepts, categories, associations, goals and context.
Data mining for exploring hidden patterns between KM and its performance.
From critiquing to representational talkback: computer support for revealing features in design.
A variable precision rough set model based on the granularity of tolerance relation.
A dynamic logistics process knowledge-based system - An RFID multi-agent approach.
Knowledge acquisition using VRML and the unified modelling language: the case of the RGB computer room.
Feature selection using data envelopment analysis.
Guest Editorial.
Knowledge representation and inference techniques to improve the management of gas and oil facilities.
Case-based reasoning for matching technology to people's needs.
Semi-supervised classification via kernel low-rank representation graph.
Multiple representations as a platform for situated learning systems in designing.
A pre-evolutionary advisor list generation strategy for robust defensing reputation attacks.
Existential rigidity and many modalities in order-sorted logic.
Domain-driven KDD for mining functionally novel rules and linking disjoint medical hypotheses.
Introducing attribute risk for retrieval in case-based reasoning.
Group search optimizer with intraspecific competition and l&eacute;vy walk.
Structural max-margin discriminant analysis for feature extraction.
A concept and implementation of higher-level XML transformation languages.
Speedup of hypothetical reasoning by experience-based learning mechanism.
Domain-specific knowledge representation and inference engine for an intelligent tutoring system.
Fashion retailing forecasting based on extreme learning machine with adaptive metrics of inputs.
Semantic interpretation and knowledge extraction.
Developing a group decision support system based on fuzzy information axiom.
Multiple context planning within a truth-maintenance system.
Grammatical error simulation for computer-assisted language learning.
An ontological approach to automating collaboration and interaction analysis in groupware systems.
Dominance-based rough set approach: An application case study for setting speed limits for vehicles in speed controlled zones.
PLS-based recursive feature elimination for high-dimensional small sample.
Mining large samples of web-based corpora.
Diagnostic expert system inference engine based on the certainty factors model.
Estimating term domain relevance through term frequency, disjoint corpora frequency - tf-dcf.
Coping with noisy search experiences.
Simple instance selection for bankruptcy prediction.
Combining description logics and Horn rules with uncertainty in ARTIGENCE.
Trustworthy advice.
A model of integrated learning.
Unsupervised video categorization based on multivariate information bottleneck method.
Experience with Ripple-Down Rules.
Schema matching based on position of attribute in query statement.
The use of hybrid manifold learning and support vector machines in the prediction of business failure.
A software tool for uncertainty modeling using Interpolative Boolean algebra.
A new approach in development of distributed framework for automated software testing using agents.
Automatic classification of personal video recordings based on audiovisual features.
Constructing conjunctions using systematic search on decision trees.
Designing granular fuzzy models: A hierarchical approach to fuzzy modeling.
Road safety risk evaluation by means of ordered weighted averaging operators and expert knowledge.
Making new design ideas more concrete.
Sparse signal reconstruction using decomposition algorithm.
Community detection based on a semantic network.
Evolutionary algorithm based on different semantic similarity functions for synonym recognition in the biomedical domain.
On multi-granular fuzzy linguistic modeling in group decision making problems: A systematic review and future trends.
An extended TOPSIS for determining weights of decision makers with interval numbers.
Dealing with incomplete information in a fuzzy linguistic recommender system to disseminate information in university digital libraries.
FIF: A fuzzy information fusion algorithm based on multi-criteria decision making.
Es98.
An incremental algorithm for discovering routine behaviours from smart meter data.
Software test quality rating: A paradigm shift in swarm computing for software certification.
Knowledge-based systems in the design of a new parcelling.
Re-scale AdaBoost for attack detection in collaborative filtering recommender systems.
A semantic grammar for beginning communicators.
A preliminary framework for description, analysis and comparison of creative systems.
Intensity-based image registration using multiple distributed agents.
A framework of constraint-based modeling for cooperative decision systems.
Fast approach to knowledge acquisition in covering information systems using matrix operations.
A dynamic optimization approach to the design of cooperative co-evolutionary algorithms.
Logic-based approach to expert systems in chemistry.
Hybrid method for the analysis of time series gene expression data.
DISCON: an expert system for the analysis of differing site conditions claims.
PHandler: An expert system for a scalable software requirements prioritization process.
Single-player Monte-Carlo tree search for SameGame.
One Dependence Value Difference Metric.
Cooperating knowledge-based systems for environmental decision support.
Perceptual approach to picture interpretation.
Palmprint verification based on 2D - Gabor wavelet and pulse-coupled neural network.
Big data for Natural Language Processing: A streaming approach.
S-FRULER: Scalable fuzzy rule learning through evolution for regression.
Attribute selection based on a new conditional entropy for incomplete decision systems.
Assessment of adaptive human-robot interactions.
Editorial introduction to IUI 2000 S.I.
SemCaDo: A serendipitous strategy for causal discovery and ontology evolution.
Construction of a fuzzy controller through width adaptation.
A comparative study on rough set based class imbalance learning.
Construction of semantic bootstrapping models for relation extraction.
Rough set theory based on two universal sets and its applications.
Argument-based learning communities.
Knowledge evaluation in product lifecycle design and support.
An intelligent information retrieval agent.
A greedy variable neighborhood search heuristic for the maximal covering location problem with fuzzy coverage radii.
Artificial intelligence: implications for CIM : A Kusiak.
Replica creation strategy based on quantum evolutionary algorithm in data gird.
The meta-inferences engine: A new tool to manipulate metaknowledge.
SPARQS: a qualitative spatial reasoning engine.
L-EncDB: A lightweight framework for privacy-preserving data queries in cloud computing.
A neural fuzzy framework for system mapping applications.
Identifying influential nodes in complex networks with community structure.
Fuzzy sets and applications: selected papers by L A Zadeh, R R Yager, S Ovchinikov, R M Tong, H T Nguyen (eds) John Wiley and Sons Inc, &#163;45.85, ISBN 0 471 85710 6, 684pp.
A hybrid intelligent approach for modeling brand choice and constructing a market response simulator.
A fuzzy-oriented sentic analysis to capture the human emotion in Web-based content.
iValue: A knowledge-based system for estimating customer prospect value.
Developing a marketing decision model using a knowledge-based system.
The random subspace binary logit (RSBL) model for bankruptcy prediction.
Resource-efficient workflow scheduling in clouds.
Intuitionistic fuzzy recommender systems: An effective tool for medical diagnosis.
Efficient semantic network construction with application to PubMed search.
Approaches to multiple attribute group decision making based on intuitionistic fuzzy power aggregation operators.
A conflict-eliminating approach for emergency group decision of unconventional incidents.
Problem solving strategies for open information systems.
Financial distress prediction in banks using Group Method of Data Handling neural network, counter propagation neural network and fuzzy ARTMAP.
Graph regularized sparse coding for 3D shape clustering.
A multi-agent approach for planning activities in decentralized electricity markets.
Approaches to attribute reductions based on rough set and matrix computation in inconsistent ordered information systems.
Fly-by-agent: Controlling a pool of UAVs via a multi-agent system.
Stacked ensemble coupled with feature selection for biomedical entity extraction.
Enhanced entity-relationship modeling with description logic.
Principle-based dispute resolution for consumer protection.
A novel method for rule extraction in a knowledge-based innovation tutoring system.
An effective algorithm for delay-constrained dynamic multicasting.
What middleware for network centric operations?
Heterogeneous knowledge representation: integrating connectionist and symbolic computation.
Note-against-note two-voice counterpoint by means of fuzzy logic.
A hybrid annual power load forecasting model based on generalized regression neural network with fruit fly optimization algorithm.
Parallel mining of OWL 2 EL ontology from large linked datasets.
Rule-preserved object compression in formal decision contexts using concept lattices.
Robust feature selection based on regularized brownboost loss.
Multi-objective rule mining using a chaotic particle swarm optimization algorithm.
Enhancing experience reuse and learning.
Knowledge-based system for material selection for design with new materials.
A fuzzy multigranulation decision-theoretic approach to multi-source fuzzy information systems.
Pattern-based refinement schemas for design knowledge transfer.
ZCR-aided neurocomputing: A study with applications.
An empirical analysis of ontology-based query expansion for learning resource searches using MERLOT and the Gene ontology.
The RDF virtual machine.
Detection of semantically incorrect rules in knowledge-based systems.
Advanced computing in Japan.
AGENTS: object-oriented prolog system for cooperating knowledge-based systems.
Discovery of first-principle equations based on scale-type-based and data-driven reasoning.
Ontology-based information content computation.
TextX: A Python tool for Domain-Specific Languages implementation.
Dependence clustering, a method revealing community structure with group dependence.
Two feature weighting approaches for naive Bayes text classifiers.
Proposition of common classifier construction for pattern recognition with context task.
Technical overview of the intelligent file store.
A robust and fast partitioning algorithm for extended target tracking using a Gaussian inverse Wishart PHD filter.
Rare-PEARs: A new multi objective evolutionary algorithm to mine rare and non-redundant quantitative association rules.
Learning compressive sampling via multiscale and steerable support value transform.
A two-phase knowledge based hyper-heuristic scheduling algorithm in cellular system.
Executing medical guidelines on the web: Towards next generation healthcare.
Adapted ensemble classification algorithm based on multiple classifier system and feature selection for classifying multi-class imbalanced data.
Probabilistic distance based abnormal pattern detection in uncertain series data.
A robust iterative refinement clustering algorithm with smoothing search space.
Knowledge-based system for safety control of damaged ship.
MVC - a preprocessing method to deal with missing values.
UCD : Upper confidence bound for rooted directed acyclic graphs.
The efficient estimation of missing information in causal inverted multiway trees.
A knowledge-based evolutionary proactive scheduling approach in the presence of machine breakdown and deterioration effect.
Editorial.
Support vector machines of interval-based features for time series classification.
Evaluation of the decision performance of the decision rule set from an ordered decision table.
Research on auto-reasoning process planning using a knowledge based semantic net.
A novel feature selection method for twin support vector machine.
Knowledge capitalisation through case bases and knowledge engineering for road safety analysis.
Construction of concept granule based on rough set and representation of knowledge-based complex system.
Merging requirements from a set of ranked agents.
A case-based classifier for hypertension detection.
DESAMC+DocSum: Differential evolution with self-adaptive mutation and crossover parameters for multi-document summarization.
Strategic induction of decision trees.
Combining case-based reasoning and statistical method for proposing solution in RICAD.
Internet-based decision support for evidence-based medicine.
Distributed customer behavior prediction using multiplex data: A collaborative MK-SVM approach.
Mining closed partially ordered patterns, a new optimized algorithm.
Identification of mammography anomalies for breast cancer detection by an ensemble of classification models based on artificial immune system.
Notation and nature of task in comprehending design rationale.
Online fitted policy iteration based on extreme learning machines.
Merging open knowledge extracted from text with MERGILO.
Neighborhood systems and covering approximation spaces.
On the protection of social networks user's information.
SASS applied to optimum work roll profile selection in the hot rolling of wide steel.
Making decisions: using Bayesian nets and MCDA.
An initialization method to simultaneously find initial cluster centers and the number of clusters for clustering categorical data.
Pre-argumentative reasoning.
Integrating semantic Web services ranking mechanisms using a common preference model.
Automatic creation of scenarios for evaluating spoken dialogue systems via user-simulation.
Supporting healthcare management decisions via robust clustering of event logs.
On a novel ACO-Estimator and its application to the Target Motion Analysis problem.
Optimum estimation of missing values in randomized complete block design by genetic algorithm.
Semantic Web technologies for generating feedback in online assessment environments.
Integrating spatial relations into case-based reasoning to solve geographic problems.
Parallel frequent itemset mining using systolic arrays.
Risk, gap and strength: key concepts in knowledge management.
Towards a Protein-Protein Interaction information extraction system: Recognizing named entities.
Situated interpretation in computational creativity.
Interactive relevance feedback mechanism for image retrieval using rough set.
Case-based reasoning investigation of therapy inefficacy.
On efficient methods of computing attribute-value blocks in incomplete decision systems.
Inducing probability distributions on the set of value functions by Subjective Stochastic Ordinal Regression.
An extended fuzzy measure on competitiveness correlation based on WCY 2011.
Dynamic Adaboost learning with feature selection based on parallel genetic algorithm for image annotation.
Some knowledge-acquisition methods for prospector-like systems.
Towards the application of case based reasoning to decision-making in concurrent product development (concurrent engineering).
Legacy system program transformation by Lyee methodology.
Deriving interval weights from an interval multiplicative consistent fuzzy preference relation.
The role of organizational knowledge management in successful ERP implementation projects.
Corrigendum to 'A fuzzy k-prototype clustering algorithm for mixed numeric and categorical data' [Knowledge-Based Systems, 30 (2012) 129-135].
A branch-and-bound algorithm for minimizing the total weighted completion time on parallel identical machines with two competing agents.
An entropy measure definition for finite interval-valued hesitant fuzzy sets.
Semantic smoothing for text clustering.
SCA: A Sine Cosine Algorithm for solving optimization problems.
HMM and fuzzy logic: A hybrid approach for online Urdu script-based languages' character recognition.
Incorporating domain-specific knowledge into a genetic algorithm to implement case-based reasoning adaptation.
MEdit4CEP: A model-driven solution for real-time decision making in SOA 2.0.
Towards a general computational framework for model-based interface development systems.
A spectral clustering algorithm based on intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Grey Forecast model for accurate recommendation in presence of data sparsity and correlation.
Intertwining knowledge delivery and elicitation: a process model for human-computer collaboration in design.
Comparison of a Deductive Database with a Semantic Web reasoning engine.
Requirements for the knowledge-based support of software engineering measurement plans.
Posterior probability model for stock return prediction based on analyst's recommendation behavior.
Modelling semantics across multiple time series and its applications.
Improving the scalability of ILP-based multi-relational concept discovery system through parallelization.
Gravitational fixed radius nearest neighbor for imbalanced problem.
Bi-level programming based real-time path planning for unmanned aerial vehicles.
A generalization of the power aggregation operators for linguistic environment and its application in group decision making.
An efficient mining algorithm for maximal weighted frequent patterns in transactional databases.
Forgetting for distance-based reasoning and repair in DL-Lite.
Some issues on the OWA aggregation with importance weighted arguments.
Epsilon focusing--A strategy for active example selection.
A combinational incremental ensemble of classifiers as a technique for predicting students' performance in distance education.
Armchair missions to Mars: using case-based reasoning and fuzzy logic to simulate a time series model of astronaut crews.
An interval type-2 fuzzy extension of the TOPSIS method using alpha cuts.
Supporting the acquisition and modeling of requirements in software design.
Preface Information technology support for creativity.
Twofold consensus for boundary detection ground truth.
Optimization of a multiproduct economic production quantity problem with stochastic constraints using sequential quadratic programming.
Finding rough set reducts with fish swarm algorithm.
Dynamically adding symbolically meaningful nodes to knowledge-based neural networks.
A partial correlation-based Bayesian network structure learning algorithm under linear SEM.
JSONDiscoverer: Visualizing the schema lurking behind JSON documents.
Policy-enhanced ANFIS model to counter SOAP-related attacks.
NB<sup>+</sup>: An improved Na&iuml;ve Bayesian algorithm.
DSKmeans: A new kmeans-type approach to discriminative subspace clustering.
Outlier detection on uncertain data based on local information.
Experimenting with prototype system DLVK via different approach.
Formal framework to support organizational design.
Constructive methods of rough approximation operators and multigranulation rough sets.
Emotion recognition and its application to computer agents with spontaneous interactive capabilities.
Approximate convex skyline: A partitioned layer-based index for efficient processing top-k queries.
Question answering based on pervasive agent ontology and Semantic Web.
Importance index of components in uncertain random systems.
Trajectory mining from anonymous binary motion sensors in Smart Environment.
Time corpora: Epochs, opinions and changes.
Dynamic randomization and domain knowledge in Monte-Carlo Tree Search for Go knowledge-based systems.
An efficient incremental method for generating equivalence groups of search results in information retrieval and queries.
Knowledge engineering issues in developing a case-based reasoning application.
Entrainment, dominance and alliance in supreme court hearings.
Personalized information ordering: a case study in online recruitment.
Towards automatic evaluation of multimodal user interfaces.
Efficient gradient descent algorithm for sparse models with application in learning-to-rank.
Finding key attribute subset in dataset for outlier detection.
Feature selection with redundancy-complementariness dispersion.
Dimensionality reduction and main component extraction of mass spectrometry cancer data.
Towards a fuzzy logic programming system: a clausal form fuzzy logic.
Some intuitionistic fuzzy Einstein hybrid aggregation operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Using statistical models and case-based reasoning in claims prediction: experience from a real-world problem.
Framework of knowledge-based systems : Multiple meta-level architecture for representing problems and problem-solving processes.
An automated system for grammatical analysis of Twitter messages. A learning task application.
AI planning: solutions for real world problems.
An embedded system for knowledge-based cost evaluation of molded parts.
A fast algorithm for kernel 1-norm support vector machines.
Determining membership functions and minimum fuzzy support in finding fuzzy association rules for classification problems.
Knowledge reduction for decision tables with attribute value taxonomies.
Fast clustering-based anonymization approaches with time constraints for data streams.
The Rotorcraft Pilot's Associate: design and evaluation of an intelligent user interface for cockpit information management.
Inductive Logic Programming : S Muggleton (Ed.).
SL method for computing a near-optimal solution using linear and non-linear programming in cost-based hypothetical reasoning.
TPLUFIB-WEB: A fuzzy linguistic Web system to help in the treatment of low back pain problems.
A new fuzzy time series forecasting model combined with ant colony optimization and auto-regression.
A framework for WWW user activity analysis based on user interest.
TPEMatcher: A tool for searching in parsed text corpora.
Knowledge engineering in expert systems: Mike Greenwell Ellis Horwood Ltd., UK (1988) &#163;25, ISBN 0 470 0513 2, 184 pp.
Classifier ensemble creation via false labelling.
Embedding critics in decision-making environments to reduce human errors.
An O(n<sup>2</sup>) algorithm for detecting communities of unbalanced sizes in large scale social networks.
Distributed intelligent systems: issues, perspectives and approaches.
Interval-valued fuzzy set approach to fuzzy co-clustering for data classification.
Classification of multivariate time series using locality preserving projections.
ARIEX: Automated ranking of information extractors.
A simultaneous feature adaptation and feature selection method for content-based image retrieval systems.
Conflict group decision training: model and system.
Evolutionary algorithm based classifier parameter tuning for automatic diabetic retinopathy grading: A hybrid feature extraction approach.
Belief rule-based inference for predicting trauma outcome.
A novel approach to pre-extracting support vectors based on the theory of belief functions.
McMatMHKS: A direct multi-class matrixized learning machine.
Hybrid intelligent control scheme of a polymerization kettle for ACR production.
Approximate weighted frequent pattern mining with/without noisy environments.
Knowledge-based system for computer-aided drug design.
Data dictionary approach to the maintenance of expert systems: The Knowledge Dictionary.
Induced generalized intuitionistic fuzzy operators.
Multilevel manufacturing knowledge in an AI-based modelling system for the design of flexible machining cells.
CARESOME: A system to enrich marketing customers acquisition and retention campaigns using social media information.
DECO<sub>3</sub>R: A Differential Evolution-based algorithm for generating compact Fuzzy Rule-based Classification Systems.
Constrained neighborhood preserving concept factorization for data representation.
AI software development tools.
Location privacy-preserving k nearest neighbor query under user's preference.
Negotiation in collaborative activity: a discourse analysis.
A fuzzy adaptive resonance theory inspired overlapping community detection method for online social networks.
Kernel locality-constrained collaborative representation based discriminant analysis.
A novel decorrelated neural network ensemble algorithm for face recognition.
Feature extraction and validation within a flexible manufacturing protocol.
Automating case selection in the construction of a case library.
Ontology-aware prediction from rules: A reconciliation-based approach.
Fast wrapper feature subset selection in high-dimensional datasets by means of filter re-ranking.
Windowing improvements towards more comprehensible models.
A novel ordinal learning strategy: Ordinal nearest-centroid projection.
Reasoning about attitudes of complaining customers.
A novel binary fruit fly optimization algorithm for solving the multidimensional knapsack problem.
Discovering forward sequences from temporal data.
Collaborative projects announced.
Merging trust in collaborative filtering to alleviate data sparsity and cold start.
GeneSIS: A GA-based fuzzy segmentation algorithm for remote sensing images.
A fine-grained load balancing technique for improving partition-parallel-based ontology matching approaches.
The agile improvement of MMORPGs based on the enhanced chaotic neural network.
Secrecy by interpretation functions.
Focused crawling enhanced by CBP-SLC.
A weight-incorporated similarity-based clustering ensemble method based on swarm intelligence.
Evolving connectionist systems for adaptive learning and knowledge discovery: Trends and directions.
Augmentation-Based Learning combining observations and user edits for Programming-by-Demonstration.
Knowledge-based system for text classification using ID6NB algorithm.
Data storage practices and query processing in XML databases: A survey.
Knowledge represented by mathematical models for fault diagnosis in chemical processing units.
Trajectory analysis for user verification and recognition.
A knowledge-based decision support system for measuring enterprise performance.
The application of knowledge-based techniques to the monitoring of computers in a large heterogeneous distributed environment.
4PL routing optimization under emergency conditions.
Meta-level sentiment models for big social data analysis.
Data mining technique for automated diagnosis of glaucoma using higher order spectra and wavelet energy features.
Using the FOCUS architecture for developing knowledge-based front ends: a KBFE for forecasting.
An agent-based simulation system for evaluating gridding urban management strategies.
Towards understanding and supporting creativity in design: analogies in a constrained cognitive environment.
Overlapping community detection based on node location analysis.
Algorithms for computing association rules using a partial-support tree.
Exploring the uniform effect of FCM clustering: A data distribution perspective.
Incremental critiquing.
Item recommendation in collaborative tagging systems via heuristic data fusion.
Automatic vectorization of segmented road networks by geometrical and topological analysis of high resolution binary images.
Personalized detection of user intentions.
Bitboard knowledge base system and elegant search architectures for Connect6.
An ensemble-based system for automatic screening of diabetic retinopathy.
Hybrid knowledge-based architecture for building an intelligent nondestructive signal inspection system.
Analysing the classification of imbalanced data-sets with multiple classes: Binarization techniques and ad-hoc approaches.
Making AI systems more creative: the IPC-model.
Neural network and GA approaches for dwelling fire occurrence prediction.
Adaptive and online data anomaly detection for wireless sensor systems.
Kernel sparse modeling for prototype selection.
One global optimization method in network flow model for multiple object tracking.
GMQL: A graphical multimedia query language.
TIGER with model based diagnosis: initial deployment.
Extending software through metaphors and metonymies.
A fuzzy conceptualization model for text mining with application in opinion polarity classification.
FEATS: knowledge representation and processing issues.
A comprehensive review of multi criteria decision making approaches based on interval type-2 fuzzy sets.
Clustering boundary detection for high dimensional space based on space inversion and Hopkins statistics.
Distributed artificial intelligence: Theory and praxis : N M Avouris and L Gasser (Eds.).
Semi-supervised fuzzy clustering: A kernel-based approach.
Fuzzy model reference control with adaptation of input fuzzy sets.
Multiobjective genetic classifier selection for random oracles fuzzy rule-based classifier ensembles: How beneficial is the additional diversity?
Performance of hidden Markov model and dynamic Bayesian network classifiers on handwritten Arabic word recognition.
A representation of complex events and processes for the acquisition of knowledge from texts.
Stages of knowledge management systems in police investigations.
Ramp loss nonparallel support vector machine for pattern classification.
On rule interestingness measures.
Information visualization for intelligent decision support systems.
Modelling user preferences and mediating agents in electronic commerce.
Molten steel temperature prediction model based on bootstrap Feature Subsets Ensemble Regression Trees.
s-XML: An efficient mapping scheme to bridge XML and relational database.
Probability problems in knowledge acquisition for expert systems.
Exploiting diversity for optimizing margin distribution in ensemble learning.
&#956;-SATPLAN: Multi-agent planning as satisfiability.
Towards the derivation of verbal content relations from patent claims using deep syntactic structures.
Feature selection for noisy variation patterns using kernel principal component analysis.
Exploring the preference of customers between financial companies and agents based on TCA.
An efficient algorithm for mining the top-k high utility itemsets, using novel threshold raising and pruning strategies.
A new user similarity model to improve the accuracy of collaborative filtering.
A rule-based machine vision system for fire detection in aircraft dry bays and engine compartments.
Rule-based and case-based reasoning approach for internal audit of bank.
Towards a generalized model of diagnostic behaviour.
Special types of coverings and axiomatization of rough sets based on partial orders.
Managing the consensus in group decision making in an unbalanced fuzzy linguistic context with incomplete information.
A deep learning approach for relationship extraction from interaction context in social manufacturing paradigm.
Estimating NBC-based recommendations on arbitrarily partitioned data with privacy.
Group-based Latent Dirichlet Allocation (Group-LDA): Effective audience detection for books in online social media.
SmartWiki: A reliable and conflict-refrained Wiki model based on reader differentiation and social context analysis.
A novel hybrid feature selection via Symmetrical Uncertainty ranking based local memetic search algorithm.
A distance measure between intuitionistic fuzzy belief functions.
Multiple kernel dimensionality reduction via spectral regression and trace ratio maximization.
A method for multiple attribute decision making with incomplete weight information in linguistic setting.
Robust label compression for multi-label classification.
Efficiently planning coherent visual discourse.
Spatial interaction - modification model and applications to geo-demographic analysis.
Incremental evaluation of top-k combinatorial metric skyline query.
A research framework for Web-based open decision support systems.
A new fuzzy multicriteria decision making approach: An application for European Quality Award assessment.
An evolutionary trend reversion model for stock trading rule discovery.
Multiple learning particle swarm optimization with space transformation perturbation and its application in ethylene cracking furnace optimization.
A hybrid biogeography-based optimization for the fuzzy flexible job-shop scheduling problem.
Lexical choice as pattern matching.
Mixed feature selection in incomplete decision table.
Statistical cross-language Web content quality assessment.
Hybridization of evolutionary Levenberg-Marquardt neural networks and data pre-processing for stock market prediction.
Nonmonotonic reasoning and logic programming.
QUasi-Affine TRansformation Evolutionary (QUATRE) algorithm: A cooperative swarm based algorithm for global optimization.
Type-1 OWA methodology to consensus reaching processes in multi-granular linguistic contexts.
AutoRM: An effective approach for automatic Web data record mining.
Adaptive self-organized maps based on bidirectional approximate reasoning and its applications to information filtering.
Combining decision tree and Naive Bayes for classification.
Multi-granular unbalanced linguistic distribution assessments with interval symbolic proportions.
A two-phase fuzzy approach for solving multi-level decision-making problems.
CANN: An intrusion detection system based on combining cluster centers and nearest neighbors.
Intelligent handling of data by integration of commonsense reasoning.
BiMine+: An efficient algorithm for discovering relevant biclusters of DNA microarray data.
Hybrid modeling in pattern recognition and control.
An efficient knowledge-based algorithm for the flexible job shop scheduling problem.
Designing for radical tailorability: coupling artifact and rationale.
The effect of principal component analysis on machine learning accuracy with high-dimensional spectral data.
Cost-sensitive meta-learning classifiers: MEPAR-miner and DIFACONN-miner.
An improved artificial immune recognition system with the opposite sign test for feature selection.
Face recognition using discriminant sparsity neighborhood preserving embedding.
Suggest what to tag: Recommending more precise hashtags based on users' dynamic interests and streaming tweet content.
Shape-based template matching for time series data.
Knowledge processing and commonsense.
The modeling and prediction of time series based on synergy of high-order fuzzy cognitive map and fuzzy c-means clustering.
Forecasting tourism demand based on empirical mode decomposition and neural network.
Item-based relevance modelling of recommendations for getting rid of long tail products.
A survey of the applications of text mining in financial domain.
Answering queries that may have results in the future: A case study in food science.
On interval type-2 rough fuzzy sets.
Grammar-based geodesics in semantic networks.
A comparative study of multigranulation rough sets and concept lattices via rule acquisition.
Model identification and Q-matrix incremental inference in cognitive diagnosis.
An efficient negative selection algorithm with further training for anomaly detection.
Anonymizing classification data using rough set theory.
Integration of graph clustering with ant colony optimization for feature selection.
Validation of the awareness net model for the Australian security investment processes.
A similarity metric designed to speed up, using hardware, the recommender systems k-nearest neighbors algorithm.
Evolving a dynamic predictive coding mechanism for novelty detection.
Integrating wavelets with clustering and indexing for effective content-based image retrieval.
Financial time series prediction using a dendritic neuron model.
Context interchange: A lattice based approach.
Artificial immunity to control disturbances in public transportation systems: Concepts, mechanisms and a prototype implementation of a knowledge based decision support system.
Game team balancing by using particle swarm optimization.
Entropy-based fuzzy support vector machine for imbalanced datasets.
Multi-objective hybrid evolutionary algorithms for radial basis function neural network design.
Inductive knowledge acquisition and induction methodologies.
Heuristic search and tree systems inference for structural pattern recognition.
Implementing ECA rules in an active database.
Multi-view classification with cross-view must-link and cannot-link side information.
Using <i>J</i>-pruning to reduce overfitting in classification trees.
A neural network approach for solving linear bilevel programming problem.
Discriminative local collaborative representation for online object tracking.
Temporal expert finding through generalized time topic modeling.
Uncertainty measures of Neighborhood System-based rough sets.
Efficient k-edge connected component detection through an early merging and splitting strategy.
MAKRS: a knowledge and belief representation system for multiple agents.
Data mining based intelligent analysis of threatening e-mail.
Shortest path computation using pulse-coupled neural networks with restricted autowave.
Knowledge management perspective on e-learning effectiveness.
An ensemble of decision cluster crotches for classification of high dimensional data.
Attribute reduction in fuzzy concept lattices based on the T implication.
Domain-aware trust network extraction for trust propagation in large-scale heterogeneous trust networks.
Supervised remote sensing image segmentation using boosted convolutional neural networks.
A new view to ring theory via soft union rings, ideals and bi-ideals.
A hybrid method using experiment design and grey relational analysis for multiple criteria decision making problems.
Multivariate convex support vector regression with semidefinite programming.
Measuring similarity in feature space of knowledge entailed by two separate rule sets.
Executing SQL queries over encrypted character strings in the Database-As-Service model.
Predictive and comprehensible rule discovery using a multi-objective genetic algorithm.
Information access in context.
Multi-label learning with label-specific feature reduction.
Does intellectual capital matter? Assessing the performance of CPA firms based on additive efficiency decomposition DEA.
Simplification of fuzzy multiple attribute decision making in production line evaluation.
Combining active learning and semi-supervised learning to construct SVM classifier.
LOFS: A library of online streaming feature selection.
An efficient fuzzy weighted average algorithm for the military UAV selecting under group decision-making.
Revisiting Evolutionary Fuzzy Systems: Taxonomy, applications, new trends and challenges.
End-User Testing for the Lyee Methodology using the Screen Transition Paradigm and WYSIWYT.
Context boosting collaborative recommendations.
Ontological subscription and blocking system that alleviates information overload in social blogs.
Biologically inspired layered learning in humanoid robots.
Forecasting time series using a methodology based on autoregressive integrated moving average and genetic programming.
Measuring contradiction on A-IFS defined in finite universes.
Two-level pattern recognition in a class of knowledge-based systems.
ACORI: a novel ACO algorithm for rule induction.
Clustering-oriented privacy-preserving data publishing.
Combination retrieval for creating knowledge from sparse document-collection.
A Cooperative Ant Colony Optimization-Genetic Algorithm approach for construction of energy demand forecasting knowledge-based expert systems.
Credible rules in incomplete decision system based on descriptors.
No-arbitrage determinant theorems on mean-reverting stock model in uncertain market.
Exploring shapelet transformation for time series classification in decision trees.
Systematic mapping study on granular computing.
Structuring collaborative information-seeking dialogues.
Non-tradable shares pricing and optimal default point based on hybrid KMV models: Evidence from China.
Incremental updating approximations in probabilistic rough sets under the variation of attributes.
Merging intelligent agency and the Semantic Web.
A novel approach for discretization of continuous attributes in rough set theory.
Dynamic composition of Web services using efficient planners in large-scale service repository.
An intelligent interactive approach to group aggregation of subjective probabilities.
Finding relevant knowledge in a knowledge base of linear logic.
Detecting outlier samples in multivariate time series dataset.
Monkey King Evolution: A new memetic evolutionary algorithm and its application in vehicle fuel consumption optimization.
Enhancing learning algorithms to support data with short sequence features by automated feature discovery.
A novel virtual sample generation method based on Gaussian distribution.
Automatic melody composition based on a probabilistic model of music style and harmonic rules.
Construction of interval-valued fuzzy preference relations from ignorance functions and fuzzy preference relations. Application to decision making.
Slicing knowledge-based systems: techniques and applications.
Meta-learning optimal parameter values in non-stationary environments.
Effective web log mining and online navigational pattern prediction.
Improving Knowledge-Based Systems with statistical techniques, text mining, and neural networks for non-technical loss detection.
A non-parameter outlier detection algorithm based on Natural Neighbor.
Solving the steelmaking casting problem using an effective fruit fly optimisation algorithm.
A decision-theoretic network approach to treatment management and prognosis.
Hybrid kernel density estimation for discriminant analysis with information complexity and genetic algorithm.
An idea generation support system for industrial designers (idea sketch processor).
CSMC: A combination strategy for multi-class classification based on multiple association rules.
Building a Twitter opinion lexicon from automatically-annotated tweets.
An advanced integrated expert system for wastewater treatment plants control: an addendum.
Dynamic multicast routing algorithm for delay and delay variation-bounded Steiner tree problem.
Twitter user profiling based on text and community mining for market analysis.
Multi-stage interactive genetic algorithm for collaborative product customization.
Modelling expertise for structure elucidation in organic chemistry using Bayesian networks.
Rational competition and cooperation in ubiquitous agent communities.
Knowledge based requirement engineering for one-of-a-kind complex systems.
Event and rule services for achieving a Web-based knowledge network.
Boosting the K-Nearest-Neighborhood based incremental collaborative filtering.
A recommender system of reviewers and experts in reviewing problems.
Assessing print quality by machine in offset colour printing.
A property-based abstraction framework for SysML activity diagrams.
A trust-based game theoretical model for Web services collaboration.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy prioritized operators and their application in group decision making.
A natural language help system shell through functional programming.
Knowledge-driven systems for episodic decision support.
Integrated graphical approach to knowledge representation and acquisition.
A hybrid evolutionary algorithm based on tissue membrane systems and CMA-ES for solving numerical optimization problems.
A fuzzy ensemble of parallel polynomial neural networks with information granules formed by fuzzy clustering.
A knowledge-based approach for classifying lake water chemistry.
A multi-ATL method for transfer learning across multiple domains with arbitrarily different distribution.
A rough sets based characteristic relation approach for dynamic attribute generalization in data mining.
The Knowledge Bazaar.
An integrated index for detection of Sudden Cardiac Death using Discrete Wavelet Transform and nonlinear features.
A mixed-strategy based gravitational search algorithm for parameter identification of hydraulic turbine governing system.
A modification of the k-means method for quasi-unsupervised learning.
Bonferroni means with distance measures and the adequacy coefficient in entrepreneurial group theory.
Dynamic labeling scheme for XML updates.
AMRAPALIKA: An expert system for the diagnosis of pests, diseases, and disorders in Indian mango.
The influence of global constraints on similarity measures for time-series databases.
An application of supervised and unsupervised learning approaches to telecommunications fraud detection.
A knowledge-based approach to merging information.
<i>R</i><sup>5</sup> model for case-based reasoning.
Rule-based modular software and hardware architecture for multi-shaped robots using real-time dynamic behavior identification and selection.
A web-based information and decision support system for appropriateness in medicine.
MGR: An information theory based hierarchical divisive clustering algorithm for categorical data.
Hesitant fuzzy prioritized operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Handling advanced scheduling heuristics under a hardware compiler generation environment.
The Siebog multiagent middleware.
Multi-issue bargaining in an information-rich context.
Some issues on intuitionistic fuzzy aggregation operators based on Archimedean t-conorm and t-norm.
An agent-based system to build project memories during engineering projects.
A new approach of clustering based machine-learning algorithm.
Automated interpretation of key performance indicator values and its application in education.
Case-based reasoning is a methodology not a technology.
A knowledge-based scheduling system for Emergency Departments.
Recursive modal unification for reasoning with knowledge using a graph representation.
Modeling business representational activity online: A case study of a customer-centered business.
Estimating product-choice probabilities from recency and frequency of page views.
Document based rational software development.
From user interface design to the support of intelligent and adaptive interfaces: an overhaul of user interface software infrastracture.
Automatic dominant character identification in fables based on verb analysis - Empirical study on the impact of anaphora resolution.
Towards a framework for estimating system NFRs on behavioral models.
Efficient pattern matching for graphs with multi-Labeled nodes.
Coupled compressed sensing inspired sparse spatial-spectral LSSVM for hyperspectral image classification.
Novel approach to a rule-based general purpose program translator using paramodulation.
Industrial safety perception among post-graduate engineering students.
Knowledge base management systems-tools for creating verified intelligent systems.
Duality and pseudo duality of dual disjunctive normal forms.
Efficient mining of high-utility itemsets using multiple minimum utility thresholds.
A reusable commitment management service using Semantic Web technology.
ConSent: Context-based sentiment analysis.
Design, implementation and evaluation of an adaptive user interface.
Review of restoration strategies and a realtime knowledge based approach for bulk power system restoration.
On the use of OBDDs in model-based diagnosis: An approach based on the partition of the model.
A sensitivity study of seismicity indicators in supervised learning to improve earthquake prediction.
Tutorial on practical tips of the most influential data preprocessing algorithms in data mining.
Optimal targeting of nonlinear chaotic systems using a novel evolutionary computing strategy.
Finding influential location regions based on reverse k-neighbor queries.
Integration of prolog and databases in both evaluational and non-evaluational approaches.
Growing construction of conlitron and multiconlitron.
Multi-attribute group decision making models under interval type-2 fuzzy environment.
Knowledge sharing in dynamic virtual enterprises: A socio-technological perspective.
Multi-objective attuned design of damping controllers using frequency-based functions in smart grids.
Study on density peaks clustering based on k-nearest neighbors and principal component analysis.
PETRA: Process Evolution using a TRAce-based system on a maintenance platform.
ALCIDE: Extracting and visualising content from large document collections to support humanities studies.
Maximal-confirmation diagnoses.
Approaches to attribute reduction in concept lattices induced by axialities.
Finding multiple global linear correlations in sparse and noisy data sets.
Introduction to knowledge-based neural networks.
Editorial.
Silog: Speech input logon.
Multi-confidence rule acquisition oriented attribute reduction of covering decision systems via combinatorial optimization.
One cannot not interact.
Distributed agents model for intrusion detection based on AIS.
Industrial plant/process condition monitoring and fault diagnosis products.
A new application of ELECTRE III and revised Simos' procedure for group material selection under weighting uncertainty.
Approximate information retrieval based on multielement bounds.
Automated detection of atrial fibrillation using Bayesian paradigm.
Framework for knowledge based support in a concurrent engineering environment.
Aligning ontologies with subsumption and equivalence relations in Linked Data.
A compound framework for sports results prediction: A football case study.
Intelligent fault diagnosis of roller bearings with multivariable ensemble-based incremental support vector machine.
Query suggestion with diversification and personalization.
Supervised locality discriminant manifold learning for head pose estimation.
Advanced binary encoded matrix representation for rule base verification.
Decision rule mining using classification consistency rate.
Empirical study of expert system development.
KNN-based Kalman filter: An efficient and non-stationary method for Gaussian process regression.
Class imbalance methods for translation initiation site recognition in DNA sequences.
An improved genetic programming technique for the classification of Raman spectra.
Trust, distrust and lack of confidence of users in online social media-sharing communities.
Dyna-H: A heuristic planning reinforcement learning algorithm applied to role-playing game strategy decision systems.
A knowledge intensive multi-agent framework for cooperative/collaborative design modeling and decision support of assemblies.
Topological interpretations of fuzzy subsets. A unified approach for fuzzy thresholding algorithms.
Relational databases as a massive information source for defeasible argumentation.
Financial ratio selection for business failure prediction using soft set theory.
User identification for enhancing IP-TV recommendation.
Discriminative sparse coding on multi-manifolds.
Knowledge-based management support systems : G I Doukidis, F Land and G Miller (Eds).
The development of an online knowledge-based videotheodolite measurement system.
A factorization approach to evaluate open-response assignments in MOOCs using preference learning on peer assessments.
Anchor concept: A conceptual model with an expandable boundary.
Group decision making under hesitant fuzzy environment with application to personnel evaluation.
A Knowledge Base for the maintenance of knowledge extracted from web data.
Semantic Web search based on rough sets and Fuzzy Formal Concept Analysis.
ForesTexter: An efficient random forest algorithm for imbalanced text categorization.
Introduction to the KBS Special Issue on Intelligent User Interfaces.
A database architecture for reusable CommonKADS agent specification components.
Empowering one-vs-one decomposition with ensemble learning for multi-class imbalanced data.
An effective and efficient fruit fly optimization algorithm with level probability policy and its applications.
Application of entropies for automated diagnosis of epilepsy using EEG signals: A review.
High-level design for user and component interfaces.
Supporting design through the strategic use of shape grammars.
Knowledge-based approach to structural integrity verification in requirements analysis and logical system specification.
TESC: An approach to TExt classification using Semi-supervised Clustering.
A gradient approach for value weighted classification learning in naive Bayes.
Knowledge-based systems: Markets, suppliers and products : Ovum Ltd.
An early warning system for loan risk assessment using artificial neural networks.
Automatic image annotation via compact graph based semi-supervised learning.
Approximation reduction in inconsistent incomplete decision tables.
Enhancing creativity through reorganising mental space concealed in a research notes stack.
Automated control of an actively compensated Langmuir probe system using simulated annealing.
A new similarity function for selecting neighbors for each target item in collaborative filtering.
A new method for group decision making with incomplete fuzzy preference relations.
The node importance in actual complex networks based on a multi-attribute ranking method.
Validation, verification and test of knowledge-based systems : M Ayel and J-P Laurent (Eds.).
Experimental evaluation of intelligent assistance for navigation.
Extracting location and creator-related information from Wikipedia-based information-rich taxonomy for ConceptNet expansion.
A new cluster validity measure based on general type-2 fuzzy sets: Application in gene expression data clustering.
From scientific computation to decision support.
Expert systems in Britain.
An Interval Type-2 Fuzzy multiple echelon supply chain model.
Model-theoretic approach to clustering.
KNN-based weighted rough &#957;-twin support vector machine.
A filtering method for algorithm configuration based on consistency techniques.
Joint development of AI software environment.
D-CFPR: D numbers extended consistent fuzzy preference relations.
Automatic induction of rules for text simplification.
Expressive security policy rules using Layered Conceptual Graphs.
On the insufficiency of ontologies: problems in knowledge sharing and alternative solutions.
Foreign exchange data crawling and analysis for knowledge discovery leading to informative decision making.
Research on decision tree induction from self-map space based on web.
Knowledge base population using semantic label propagation.
Topological analysis of knowledge maps.
Detection and characterization of physiological states in bioprocesses based on H&ouml;lder exponent.
Multilevel hierarchical retrieval.
Tuning extreme learning machine by an improved artificial bee colony to model and optimize the boiler efficiency.
Learning the heterogeneous bibliographic information network for literature-based discovery.
A generic design environment for the rural industry knowledge acquisition.
PSSP with dynamic weighted kernel fusion based on SVM-PHGS.
Mixed feature selection based on granulation and approximation.
Using Hellinger distance in a nearest neighbour classifier for relational databases.
Relations of attribute reduction between object and property oriented concept lattices.
Maximizing deviation method for multiple attribute decision making in intuitionistic fuzzy setting.
Knowledge-based systems for marking professional IT skills examinations.
A personalised TV listings service for the digital TV age.
Text clustering using frequent itemsets.
Nearest neighbor regression in the presence of bad hubs.
A natural-disaster management DSS for Humanitarian Non-Governmental Organisations.
A fuzzy inhomogenous multiattribute group decision making approach to solve outsourcing provider selection problems.
Multi-objective dynamic layout problem for temporary construction facilities with unequal-area departments under fuzzy random environment.
Control and optimization of human perception on virtual garment products by learning from experimental data.
Self-adaptive stepsize search for automatic optimal design.
Transforming knowledge workers into innovation workers to improve corporate productivity.
CMRules: Mining sequential rules common to several sequences.
A hybrid discrete optimization algorithm based on teaching-probabilistic learning mechanism for no-wait flow shop scheduling.
Feature selection by multi-objective optimisation: Application to network anomaly detection by hierarchical self-organising maps.
Computing marginal probabilities in causal multiway trees given incomplete information.
Functional grouping of natural language requirements for assistance in architectural software design.
Development of a generalized knowledge source structure for blackboard systems.
Temporal landmark graphs for solving overconstrained planning problems.
A generalized Mitchell-Dem'yanov-Malozemov algorithm for one-class support vector machine.
An architecture for developing attentive information systems.
Detecting the financial statement fraud: The analysis of the differences between data mining techniques and experts' judgments.
CDADE: Conflict detector in activity diagram evolution based on speech act and ontology.
Game-theoretic rough sets for recommender systems.
Exploiting causal independence in large Bayesian networks.
An expert system using an extended AND-OR graph.
A novel method for hybrid multiple attribute decision making.
Hybrid query processing for personalized information retrieval on the Semantic Web.
The BORM methodology: a third-generation fully object-oriented methodology.
XML schema clustering with semantic and hierarchical similarity measures.
A class of smooth semi-supervised SVM by difference of convex functions programming and algorithm.
Introducing neural networks : A Carling Sigma Press.
Microblogging as a mechanism for human-robot interaction.
Identification of dynamic protein complexes based on fruit fly optimization algorithm.
Fundamental properties of intuitionistic fuzzy calculus.
Addressing semantic heterogeneity through multiple knowledge base assisted merging of domain-specific ontologies.
Expert system helps experts.
A dynamic stochastic decision-making method based on discrete time sequences.
Beyond the macho approach of artificial intelligence: empower human designers - do not replace them.
A context aware sound classifier applied to prawn feed monitoring and energy disaggregation.
Concept formation from design cases: why reusing experience and why not.
Dynamic route planning with uncertain information.
Performance of corporate bankruptcy prediction models on imbalanced dataset: The effect of sampling methods.
A knowledge driven approach to aerospace condition monitoring.
Efficient colossal pattern mining in high dimensional datasets.
Text classification using graph mining-based feature extraction.
Dynamic optimization of fuzzy cognitive maps for time series forecasting.
Leveraging multimodal information for event summarization and concept-level sentiment analysis.
Design of an intelligent interface to standard PC applications which maximises the ability of the disabled user.
Index-BitTableFI: An improved algorithm for mining frequent itemsets.
Discovering user access patterns on the World Wide Web.
Genetic rule induction at an intermediate level.
Guiding Lyee user requirements capture.
A new uniform evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition and CDAS for many-objective optimization.
Using non-lexical features for identifying factual and opinionative threads in online forums.
A hybrid KMV model, random forests and rough set theory approach for credit rating.
Piecewise statistic approximation based similarity measure for time series.
Application of a regionalized knowledge-based model for classifying the impacts of nitrogen, sulfur, and organic acids on lakewater chemistry.
Fuzzy interpretation of efficiency in data envelopment analysis and its application in a non-discretionary model.
Information systems development: a rule-based approach.
Solving high dimensional bilevel multiobjective programming problem using a hybrid particle swarm optimization algorithm with crossover operator.
Intelligent human interface based on mental cloning-based software.
Trust-based role coordination in task-oriented multiagent systems.
Editorial.
Simultaneous co-clustering and learning to address the cold start problem in recommender systems.
Generating complex systems in the domain of chemical reactions.
Detecting redundancy among production rules using term rewrite semantics.
Alecsa: Attentive Learning for Email Categorization using Structural Aspects.
A hybrid knowledge-based approach to supporting the medical prescription for general practitioners: Real case in a Hong Kong medical center.
Structuring and modules for knowledge bases: motivation for a new model.
A method for extracting rules from spatial data based on rough fuzzy sets.
Current status of case-retrieval in engineering domains: an analysis from the knowledge engineering perspective.
A novel automatic picture fuzzy clustering method based on particle swarm optimization and picture composite cardinality.
Multiple criteria decision-making methods with completely unknown weights in hesitant fuzzy linguistic term setting.
Discovering fuzzy association rules using fuzzy partition methods.
Knowledge augmented policy conflict analysis for services collaboration.
Rough set based approach for inducing decision trees.
Binary coordinate ascent: An efficient optimization technique for feature subset selection for machine learning.
Multi-granular mining for boundary regions in three-way decision theory.
Speeding up incremental wrapper feature subset selection with Naive Bayes classifier.
Turning breakdowns into opportunities for creativity.
GeoTree: Using spatial information for georeferenced video search.
Intelligent Na&iuml;ve Bayes-based approaches for Web proxy caching.
A Chinese time ontology for the Semantic Web.
Designing collaborative environments for strategic knowledge in design.
An effectiveness measurement model for knowledge management.
A novel integrated knowledge support system based on ontology learning: Model specification and a case study.
An analytical model for generalized ESP games.
Implementing Lyee-Calculus in Java.
DyKOr: a method for generating the content of explanations in knowledge systems.
ACCELERE: a case-based design assistant for closed cell rubber industry.
Cross-language plagiarism detection over continuous-space- and knowledge graph-based representations of language.
Formalization of Weighted Factors Analysis.
Reachability trees for Petri nets: a heuristic approach.
Emerging topic tracking system in WWW.
A new collaborative filtering metric that improves the behavior of recommender systems.
Predicting paper making defects on-line using data mining.
Computing marginal probabilities in causal inverted binary trees given incomplete information.
Kernel ridge regression using truncated newton method.
Feature selection based-on genetic algorithm for image annotation.
Rotation invariant texture classification using extended wavelet channel combining and LL channel filter bank.
Optimizing the number of trees in a decision forest to discover a subforest with high ensemble accuracy using a genetic algorithm.
A memetic algorithm for computing and transforming structural balance in signed networks.
EmoSenticSpace: A novel framework for affective common-sense reasoning.
The attribute reductions of three-way concept lattices.
Fast algorithms to evaluate collaborative filtering recommender systems.
Editorial.
Transactional distance in an undergraduate project-based systems modeling course.
A robust memory based hybrid differential evolution for continuous optimization problem.
Multi-agent collaboration for B2B workflow monitoring.
Mining DNA sequences to predict sites which mutations cause genetic diseases.
A user-extensible and adaptable parser architecture.
MRM: A matrix representation and mapping approach for knowledge acquisition.
A multi-agent monitoring and diagnostic system for TCP/IP-based network and its coordination.
Embedding languages within design environments.
Conceptual graphs.
Correcting noisy ratings in collaborative recommender systems.
Deduction: P. N. Johnson-Laird and M. J. Baird.
Directory format system.
On the interrelation between Dempster-Shafer Belief Structures and their Belief Cumulative Distribution Functions.
A new BRB based method to establish hidden failure prognosis model by using life data and monitoring observation.
A knowledge-based framework for emergency DSS.
A fuzzy multi-criteria group decision making method for individual research output evaluation with maximum consensus.
An interactive tool based on priority semantic networks.
Design issues for knowledge artifacts.
Conceptual modeling rules extracting for data streams.
An intuitionistic fuzzy graded covering rough set.
Impact of variable initiative on a natural language dialog system.
Aggregating decision information into interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy numbers for heterogeneous multi-attribute group decision making.
Self-advising support vector machine.
2-dimension linguistic computational model with 2-tuples for multi-attribute group decision making.
A QFD-enabled product conceptualisation approach via design knowledge hierarchy and RCE neural network.
A multi-methodological collaborative simulation for inter-organizational supply chain networks.
Applying fuzzy quality function deployment to prioritize solutions of knowledge management for an international port in Taiwan.
A system for simulation, monitoring and diagnosis of controlled continuous processes with slow dynamics.
A decision tree-based attribute weighting filter for naive Bayes.
Ensemble based rough fuzzy clustering for categorical data.
Genetic algorithm hybridized with ruin and recreate procedure: application to the quadratic assignment problem.
Linear versus nonlinear dimensionality reduction for banks' credit rating prediction.
Characteristics of an effective design plan system to support reuse in case-based mechanical design.
Strategy for integrating object-oriented and logic programming.
Enhancing the experience of users regarding the email classification task using labels.
Rough Cognitive Networks.
Expert systems: strategic implications and applications: A C Beerel Ellis Horwood Ltd (1988) &#163;22.50, ISBN 0-7458-0251-6, 173pp.
TBox learning from incomplete data by inference in BelNet<sup>+</sup>.
Arpeggio: A flexible PEG parser for Python.
User-centered approach to adaptive interfaces.
Interpretation of neural networks as Boolean transfer functions.
A new hybrid semi-supervised algorithm for text classification with class-based semantics.
Mapping visual to textual knowledge representation.
A special issue on artificial intelligence in computer games: AICG.
Formal concept analysis as a support technique for CBR.
On the monotone sum of basic t-norms in the construction of parametric families of digital conjunctors for fuzzy systems with reconfigurable logic.
Knowledge reduction in formal fuzzy contexts.
An ontology of strategic knowledge: key concepts and applications.
ROSEFW-RF: The winner algorithm for the ECBDL'14 big data competition: An extremely imbalanced big data bioinformatics problem.
TAP: A personalized trust-aware QoS prediction approach for web service recommendation.
Stochastic multiple criteria decision making with aspiration level based on prospect stochastic dominance.
Analyzing the effect of website information flow on realistic human flow using intelligent decision models.
A Petri net model for changing units of learning in runtime.
Editorial.
Service organization and recommendation using multi-granularity approach.
Off-line recognition of handwritten Arabic words using multiple hidden Markov models.
Principal Association Mining: An efficient classification approach.
A cognitive approach for agent-based personalized recommendation.
Chaotic fruit fly optimization algorithm.
An extended TOPSIS model based on the Possibility theory under fuzzy environment.
Classification of microarray using MapReduce based proximal support vector machine classifier.
Computer aided detection of spina bifida using nearest neighbor classification with curvature scale space features of fetal skulls extracted from ultrasound images.
Concept discovery on relational databases: New techniques for search space pruning and rule quality improvement.
Constraint projections for semi-supervised affinity propagation.
Using relation selection to improve value propagation in a ConceptNet-based sentiment dictionary.
From source code to runtime behaviour: Software metrics help to select the computer architecture.
Knowledge modelling for a generic refinement framework.
Web Intelligence: exploring structures, semantics, and knowledge of the Web.
Allocating time and location information to activity-travel patterns through reinforcement learning.
RIB: A Robust Itemset-based Bayesian approach to classification.
A novel bankruptcy prediction model based on an adaptive fuzzy k-nearest neighbor method.
Ontology based text indexing and querying for the semantic web.
A web-based training system for business letter writing.
Rough set extension of Tcl for data mining.
Towards semantic comparison of multi-granularity process traces.
Update of approximations in composite information systems.
A monolithic approach to automated composition of semantic web services with the Event Calculus.
Automated EEG analysis of epilepsy: A review.
Efficient updating of probabilistic approximations with incremental objects.
A new outranking choice method for group decision making under Atanassov's interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Programmable applications for the arts: computational tools for hand, eye and mind.
Mining maximal frequent patterns by considering weight conditions over data streams.
An approach for facility location selection based on optimal aggregation operator.
Discriminative predicate path mining for fact checking in knowledge graphs.
Dominance-based rough set model in intuitionistic fuzzy information systems.
Tensor-based anomaly detection: An interdisciplinary survey.
Electromagnetism-like mechanism and simulated annealing algorithms for flowshop scheduling problems minimizing the total weighted tardiness and makespan.
Modeling knowledge need awareness using the problematic situations elicited from questions and answers.
The theory of pseudo-linear operators.
Automatic refinement of knowledge bases with fuzzy rules.
Integrating textual analysis and evidential reasoning for decision making in Engineering design.
A prioritization model for locating relief logistic centers using analytic hierarchy process with interval comparison matrix.
Tabu search for the Max-Mean Dispersion Problem.
Addressing cold-start: Scalable recommendation with tags and keywords.
Towards competent information acquisition interactions between an expert system and its user.
General purpose inference engine for canonical graph models.
A new measure of consensus with reciprocal preference relations: The correlation consensus degree.
Kernel density compression for real-time Bayesian encoding/decoding of unsorted hippocampal spikes.
Learning to rank with document ranks and scores.
Three types of monotonicity of averaging functions.
A sock puppet detection algorithm on virtual spaces.
Efficient hypothetical reasoning system for predicate-logic knowledge base.
Consensus measures constructed from aggregation functions and fuzzy implications.
Multi-aspect-streaming tensor analysis.
XML Matchers: Approaches and challenges.
Top-N news recommendations in digital newspapers.
Pricing and resource allocation for multimedia social network in cloud environments.
Conceptual-graph approach for the representation of temporal information in discourse.
An improved mix framework for opinion leader identification in online learning communities.
A semantic validation of conceptual graphs.
A careful assessment of recommendation algorithms related to dimension reduction techniques.
A clustering technique for news articles using WordNet.
Fraud detection using self-organizing map visualizing the user profiles.
Modular design of a hybrid genetic algorithm for a flexible job-shop scheduling problem.
Adaptive case-based reasoning using retention and forgetting strategies.
Efficient algorithms for spatial configuration information retrieval.
Uncertainty measurement for interval-valued decision systems based on extended conditional entropy.
A data mining approach to the prediction of corporate failure.
Probabilistic outputs for twin support vector machines.
CAPE: extending <sub>CLIPS</sub> for the internet.
Elicitation criterions for restricted intersection of two incomplete soft sets.
Multiple extreme learning machines for a two-class imbalance corporate life cycle prediction.
Use of Elvira's explanation facility for debugging probabilistic expert systems.
A biology-inspired, data mining framework for extracting patterns in sexual cyberbullying data.
Design-a-trial: a rule-based decision support system for clinical trial design.
An efficient regularized K-nearest neighbor based weighted twin support vector regression.
Mapping RDF knowledge bases using exchange samples.
Large scale knowledge based systems for airborne decision support.
Text normalization and semantic indexing to enhance Instant Messaging and SMS spam filtering.
Residential property price time series forecasting with neural networks.
An electronic tree inventory for arboriculture management.
Automated detection and localization of myocardial infarction using electrocardiogram: a comparative study of different leads.
PBC4cip: A new contrast pattern-based classifier for class imbalance problems.
Checking the consistency of a hybrid knowledge base system.
Decision-theoretic rough set: A multicost strategy.
Analysis of the problem description in the Algorithm for Inventive Problem Solving using Petri nets.
A multilingual semi-supervised approach in deriving Singlish sentic patterns for polarity detection.
Improving program comprehension by combining code understanding with comment understanding.
A neural network framework for relation extraction: Learning entity semantic and relation pattern.
An empirical study of three machine learning methods for spam filtering.
Cross-document event ordering through temporal, lexical and distributional knowledge.
Intelligent assessment based on Beta Regression for realistic training on medical simulators.
Two-stage multiple kernel learning with multiclass kernel polarization.
Employing unlabeled data to improve the classification performance of SVM, and its application in audio event classification.
A Location-Item-Time sequential pattern mining algorithm for route recommendation.
Topic oriented community detection through social objects and link analysis in social networks.
Study on axiomatic rules for building up relationships between requirement and source programs.
Image matting in the perception granular deep learning.
Post ARIES collaboration announced.
A quality driven Hierarchical Data Divisive Soft Clustering for information retrieval.
Multiplicative consistency of intuitionistic reciprocal preference relations and its application to missing values estimation and consensus building.
Automated detection of age-related macular degeneration using empirical mode decomposition.
Confidence-consistency driven group decision making approach with incomplete reciprocal intuitionistic preference relations.
Corrigendum to "Coverage-based resampling: Building robust consolidated decision trees" [Knowledge-Based Systems 79(2015)51-67].
Extension of the expected value method for multiple attribute decision making with fuzzy data.
Resource allocation in communication networks using market-based agents.
Analysis for knowledge-based systems: A practical guide to the KADS methodology : F R Hickman, J L Killin, L Land, T Mulhall, D Porter and R M Taylor.
A link prediction approach for item recommendation with complex number.
Large-margin feature selection for monotonic classification.
Clinical practice guidelines: A case study of combining OWL-S, OWL, and SWRL.
Selective Subsequence Time Series clustering.
Enhanced evolutionary algorithms for single and multiobjective optimization in the job shop scheduling problem.
The prediction for listed companies' financial distress by using multiple prediction methods with rough set and Dempster-Shafer evidence theory.
Strategic knowledge acquisition: a case study of learning through prototyping.
Capturing perceptual expertise: a sound equalization expert system.
CyberDesk: a framework for providing self-integrating context-aware services.
A novel aggregation principle for hesitant fuzzy elements.
Data-driven integration of multiple sentiment dictionaries for lexicon-based sentiment classification of product reviews.
Feature selection via maximizing global information gain for text classification.
Compatible and incompatible abstractions in Bayesian networks.
Domain phrase identification using atomic word formation in Chinese text.
Guest Editorial.
Predicting water main failures: A Bayesian model updating approach.
Correlation and instance based feature selection for electricity load forecasting.
Predictive diagnosis based on a fleet-wide ontology approach.
Recent development of knowledge-based systems, methods and tools for One-of-a-Kind Production.
ESC: An efficient synchronization-based clustering algorithm.
A new fuzzy hybrid technique for ranking real world Web services.
A two-stage hybrid particle swarm optimization algorithm for the stochastic job shop scheduling problem.
Integrating craft materials and computation.
A machine learning approach to two-voice counterpoint composition.
Scheduling railway freight cars.
Ranking interval sets based on inclusion measures and applications to three-way decisions.
Understanding behaviors of a constructive memory agent: A markov chain analysis.
Negative selection algorithm based on grid file of the feature space.
Identifying potential synthesis cases in distributed expert systems: a fuzzy logic approach.
Intelligent integrated data processing model for oceanic warning system.
An empirical study of a cross-level association rule mining approach to cold-start recommendations.
An accurate infrared hand geometry and vein pattern based authentication system.
BioOntoVerb: A top level ontology based framework to populate biomedical ontologies from texts.
Intelligent algorithms for a new joint replenishment and synthetical delivery problem in a warehouse centralized supply chain.
Intuitionistic fuzzy ordered weighted distance operator.
Graph reduction implementation of a production system.
Artificial intelligence (AI) in blended learning.
Building expert systems in prolog : Dennis Merritt.
What Semiotics can and cannot do for HCI.
Visualizing Semantic Web proofs of defeasible logic in the DR-DEVICE system.
Hierarchical A<sup>*</sup> based path planning - a case study.
A relation context oriented approach to identify strong ties in social networks.
Compressed knowledge transfer via factorization machine for heterogeneous collaborative recommendation.
Approximate declarative semantics for rule base anomalies.
Interval type-2 fuzzy logic for encoding clinical practice guidelines.
Context, situations, and design agents.
Container stowage pre-planning: using search to generate solutions, a case study.
Ranking-order case-based reasoning for financial distress prediction.
Novel correlation coefficients between hesitant fuzzy sets and their application in decision making.
Making systems sensitive to the user's changing resource limitations.
An expert system for the composition of formal Spanish poetry.
Smart task support through proactive access to organizational memory.
A data mining approach based on machine learning techniques to classify biological sequences.
Closeness Preference - A new interestingness measure for sequential rules mining.
Grouping knowledge-base data into distributable clusters.
An agent-based approach to ANN training.
Lattice-based ranking for service trust behaviors.
Argument-based explanation of logic programs.
Knowledge model-based heterogeneous multi-robot system implemented by a software platform.
Mining interestingness measures for string pattern mining.
Labeling clusters from both linguistic and statistical perspectives: A hybrid approach.
Evolutionary optimization-based tuning of low-cost fuzzy controllers for servo systems.
Internet-based intensive product design platform for product design.
Studying continuous improvement from a knowledge perspective.
Tasks, errors and mental models: L P Goodstein, H B Andersen and S E Olsen (eds) Taylor &amp; Francis (1988) &#163;35, ISBN 0-85066-401-2, 342pp.
Decision support in e-business based on assessing similarities between ontologies.
An efficient mining of weighted frequent patterns with length decreasing support constraints.
Towards latent context-aware recommendation systems.
Cross-lingual query expansion in multilingual folksonomies: A case study on Flickr.
A new framework for detecting weighted sequential patterns in large sequence databases.
Automatic species identification of live moths.
GRA method for multiple attribute decision making with incomplete weight information in intuitionistic fuzzy setting.
Applying an ontology approach to IT service management for business-IT integration.
Bagged fuzzy clustering for fuzzy data: An application to a tourism market.
Multi-fault classification based on support vector machine trained by chaos particle swarm optimization.
A dissimilarity measure for the k-Modes clustering algorithm.
A novel cross-entropy and entropy measures of IFSs and their applications.
Transforming expertise into Knowledge-Based Engineering tools: A survey of knowledge sourcing in the context of engineering design.
Software machine designed for selection.
Unsupervised non-parametric kernel learning algorithm.
Optimizing a multi-vendor multi-retailer vendor managed inventory problem: Two tuned meta-heuristic algorithms.
Classifying credit ratings for Asian banks using integrating feature selection and the CPDA-based rough sets approach.
Total orders of extended hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets: Definitions, generations and applications.
Modelling software processes in a knowledge base: the case of information systems.
Intuitionistic fuzzy logics as tools for evaluation of Data Mining processes.
Paired structures in knowledge representation.
Solution of a class of Intuitionistic Fuzzy Assignment Problem by using similarity measures.
Knowledge acquisition mechanisms for a logical knowledge base including hypotheses.
An error-analysis-based method for the priority of an intuitionistic preference relation in decision making.
Chinese text classification by the Na&iuml;ve Bayes Classifier and the associative classifier with multiple confidence threshold values.
Predicting customer churn through interpersonal influence.
Multi-source adaptation learning with global and local regularization by exploiting joint kernel sparse representation.
An integrated framework for securing semi-structured health records.
2-Dimension uncertain linguistic power generalized weighted aggregation operator and its application in multiple attribute group decision making.
Multi-view attribute reduction model for traffic bottleneck analysis.
Risk analysis in information systems: A fuzzification of the MAGERIT methodology.
Revealing research themes and trends in knowledge management: From 1995 to 2010.
Running rule-based expert systems on parallel processors.
Cost-sensitive classification with respect to waiting cost.
Next-song recommendation with temporal dynamics.
Hierarchical Bayesian nonparametric models for knowledge discovery from electronic medical records.
Learning word dependencies in text by means of a deep recurrent belief network.
Certainty-factor-like structures in Bayesian belief networks.
The creative process of animating human movement.
Multi-bridge transfer learning.
A light-weight Web-at-a-Glance system for intelligent information retrieval.
Application of adaptive network based fuzzy inference system method in economic welfare.
Care more about customers: Unsupervised domain-independent aspect detection for sentiment analysis of customer reviews.
Topic-Driven SocialRank: Personalized search result ranking by identifying similar, credible users in a social network.
Fuzzy probabilistic rough sets and their corresponding three-way decisions.
Examining a model of knowledge management systems adoption and diffusion: A Partial Least Square approach.
An optimal dynamic threat evaluation and weapon scheduling technique.
Robot docking with neural vision and reinforcement.
Evolving support vector machines using fruit fly optimization for medical data classification.
2-Tuple linguistic hybrid arithmetic aggregation operators and application to multi-attribute group decision making.
Computer-aided diagnosis of diabetic subjects by heart rate variability signals using discrete wavelet transform method.
CALMsystem: A Conversational Agent for Learner Modelling.
Incorporating a non-additive decision making method into multi-layer neural networks and its application to financial distress analysis.
Large scale instance matching via multiple indexes and candidate selection.
An EEG-based perceptual function integration network for application to drowsy driving.
A two-stage dynamic group decision making method for processing ordinal information.
Robust application identification methods for P2P and VoIP traffic classification in backbone networks.
Discovery and learning of models with predictive state representations for dynamical systems without reset.
Fuzzy rule-based demand forecasting for dynamic pricing of a maritime company.
An object-oriented intelligent design tool to aid the design of manufacturing systems.
Incremental approaches for updating approximations in set-valued ordered information systems.
An innovative intelligent system based on automatic diagnostic feature extraction for diagnosing heart diseases.
Can reputation migrate? On the propagation of reputation in multi-context communities.
MP-OWA: The most preferred OWA operator.
Feature selection in corporate credit rating prediction.
Trusted interaction approach for dynamic service selection using multi-criteria decision making technique.
A hybrid particle swarm optimization approach for clustering and classification of datasets.
Bi-objective feature selection for discriminant analysis in two-class classification.
Some programming models to derive priority weights from additive interval fuzzy preference relation.
Incremental learning of complete linear discriminant analysis for face recognition.
Graph modularity maximization as an effective method for co-clustering text data.
Rule-based multi-FNN identification with the aid of evolutionary fuzzy granulation.
A hierarchical case representation using context guided retrieval.
Automatic discovery of the sequential accesses from web log data files via a genetic algorithm.
Attribute analysis of information systems based on elementary soft implications.
Feature selection using dynamic weights for classification.
A filter model for feature subset selection based on genetic algorithm.
Toward a new software development environment.
A method for collaborative recommendation using knowledge integration tools and hierarchical structure of user profiles.
Automatic diagnosis of alcohol use disorder using EEG features.
Wizard of Oz studies -- why and how.
A new approach of attribute partial order structure diagram for word sense disambiguation of English prepositions.
Multimodal user interfaces in the Open Agent Architecture.
Systems development life-cycle for expert systems.
Formalising optimal feature weight setting in case based diagnosis as linear programming problems.
A survey of serendipity in recommender systems.
Reusing JessTab rules in Prot&eacute;g&eacute;.
FARM: An FCA-based Association Rule Miner.
Group decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy preference relations.
An instance-based approach to pattern association learning with application to the English past tense verb domain.
Detecting hierarchical structure of community members in social networks.
Using a contextual entropy model to expand emotion words and their intensity for the sentiment classification of stock market news.
Reducing explicit semantic representation vectors using Latent Dirichlet Allocation.
PCA-based high-dimensional noisy data clustering via control of decision errors.
Specifying fault tolerance in mission critical intelligent systems.
Determination of scale elasticity in the existence of non-discretionary factors in performance analysis.
An expert system for financial performance assessment of health care structures based on fuzzy sets and KPIs.
An efficient ensemble pruning algorithm using One-Path and Two-Trips searching approach.
Autonomous overlapping community detection in temporal networks: A dynamic Bayesian nonnegative matrix factorization approach.
Competence guided incremental footprint-based retrieval.
Toward an expert system for chromosome analysis.
An evolution-based approach with modularized evaluations to forecast financial distress.
Development of a knowledge-based design support system.
A cooperative belief rule based decision support system for lymph node metastasis diagnosis in gastric cancer.
Selecting feature subset with sparsity and low redundancy for unsupervised learning.
When Ensemble Learning Meets Deep Learning: a New Deep Support Vector Machine for Classification.
Multi-kernel classification machine with reduced complexity.
A precise monadic dynamic slicing method.
Guest Editorial.
Predicting creditworthiness in retail banking with limited scoring data.
A framework for determining design correctness.
Item-based top-N recommendation resilient to aggregated information revelation.
A high-performance FAQ retrieval method using minimal differentiator expressions.
On the classification performance of TAN and general Bayesian networks.
A model for online failure prognosis subject to two failure modes based on belief rule base and semi-quantitative information.
Locally informed gravitational search algorithm.
A resource limited artificial immune system for data analysis.
Forensic analysis of logs: Modeling and verification.
Multi-kernel multi-criteria optimization classifier with fuzzification and penalty factors for predicting biological activity.
ESSE: an expert system for software evaluation.
Structured cases in case-based reasoning - re-using and adapting cases for time-tabling problems.
Generating knowledge in maintenance from Experience Feedback.
Non-isometric transforms in time series classification using DTW.
Back-end manager: an interface between a knowledge-based front end and its application subsystems.
Knowledge discovery from numerical data.
Using object and trajectory analysis to facilitate indexing and retrieval of video.
Rich document representation and classification: An analysis.
Integration of behavioural requirements specification within compositional knowledge engineering.
A predictive model for recurrent consumption behavior: An application on phone calls.
Designing a feedback component of an intelligent tutoring system for foreign language.
SCIFNET: Stance community identification of topic persons using friendship network analysis.
Grounding the detection of the user's likes and dislikes on the topic structure of human-agent interactions.
Efficient algorithms for finding the most desirable skyline objects.
Foreword.
Rough approximations based on intersection of indiscernibility, similarity and outranking relations.
Knowledge-based image retrieval system.
Hy-SN: Hyper-graph based semantic network.
Graded dominance interval-based fuzzy objective information systems.
An efficient ant colony optimization strategy for the resolution of multi-class queries.
A case-based technique for tracking concept drift in spam filtering.
Modeling interestingness of streaming association rules as a benefit-maximizing classification problem.
Multiple attribute consensus rules with minimum adjustments to support consensus reaching.
Hierarchical cluster ensemble model based on knowledge granulation.
Opportunistic software architecture for support of design coordination.
A generalization of universal integrals by means of level dependent capacities.
Web data extraction, applications and techniques: A survey.
Ontology-based SWOT analysis method for electronic word-of-mouth.
Design knowledge representation and control for the structural design of ships.
Fast recommendation on latent collaborative relations.
Managing restaurant tables using constraints.
Evidential classifier for imprecise data based on belief functions.
Translating a knowledge base into HTML.
Knowledge management through multi-perspective modelling: representing and distributing organizational memory.
Expert system for evaluating product liability claims.
Query rewriting under query refinements.
Interest-based real-time content recommendation in online social communities.
A classification-based review recommender.
A comparative study on feature selection and adaptive strategies for email foldering using the ABC-DynF framework.
An empirical study of topic-sensitive probabilistic model for expert finding in question answer communities.
C-Priz - a new generation software tool for small computers.
Prediction of missing links based on community relevance and ruler inference.
Joint sparse regularization based Sparse Semi-Supervised Extreme Learning Machine (S3ELM) for classification.
A novel battery network modelling using constraint differential evolution algorithm optimisation.
Optical images-based edge detection in Synthetic Aperture Radar images.
Detecting potential labeling errors for bioinformatics by multiple voting.
Analyzing future communities in growing citation networks.
Anomaly intrusion detection based on PLS feature extraction and core vector machine.
NewsReader: Using knowledge resources in a cross-lingual reading machine to generate more knowledge from massive streams of news.
Proximal three-way decisions: Theory and applications in social networks.
Transfer learning using computational intelligence: A survey.
Combining neural networks and semantic feature space for email classification.
Mainframe-based KEE system development.
Efficient sequential pattern mining with wildcards for keyphrase extraction.
Solar flare detection system based on tolerance near sets in a GPU-CUDA framework.
A method for constructing the Composite Indicator of business cycles based on information granulation and Dynamic Time Warping.
Web@IDSS - Argumentation-enabled Web-based IDSS for reasoning over incomplete and conflicting information.
Ontology extraction from relational database: Concept hierarchy as background knowledge.
Control of discrete chaotic systems based on echo state network modeling with an adaptive noise canceler.
Qualitative decision making with correlation coefficients of hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets.
Design of an assistive anaesthesia drug delivery control using knowledge based systems.
Complex organizational knowledge structures for new product development teams.
Combining QoS prediction and customer satisfaction estimation to solve cloud service trustworthiness evaluation problems.
Sheepdog, parallel collaborative programming-by-demonstration.
On the structure of the multigranulation rough set model.
Quadruple Transfer Learning: Exploiting both shared and non-shared concepts for text classification.
SMART software for decision makers KDD experience.
Ensemble classifier generation using non-uniform layered clustering and Genetic Algorithm.
A fast parallel modularity optimization algorithm (FPMQA) for community detection in online social network.
Knowledge acquisition based on learning of maximal structure fuzzy rules.
Multiobjective differential evolution algorithm based on decomposition for a type of multiobjective bilevel programming problems.
Optimization of gear blank preforms based on a new R-GPLVM model utilizing GA-ELM.
A system to visualize different viewpoints for supporting researchers' creativity.
Conducting feasibility studies for knowledge based systems.
Hybrid recommendation approach for learning material based on sequential pattern of the accessed material and the learner's preference tree.
A survey of trust management systems for online social communities - Trust modeling, trust inference and attacks.
Reasoning by coordination: an integration of case-based and rule-based reasoning systems.
An interval type-2 fuzzy clustering solution for large-scale multiple-criteria group decision-making problems.
Interaction protocols for cross-organisational workflows.
Relation between concept lattice reduction and rough set reduction.
Computational environments supporting creativity in the context of lifelong learning and design.
Meta-modeling framework: A new approach to manage meta-modelbase and modeling knowledge.
Multi-document summarization using closed patterns.
Psychomotor skills assessment in medical training based on virtual reality using a Weighted Possibilistic approach.
Going beyond stemming: creating concept signatures of complex medical terms.
Knowledge acquisition for medical diagnosis systems.
A new relational learning system using novel rule selection strategies.
Enhancing collaborative recommendation performance by combining user preference and trust-distrust propagation in social networks.
Research on the model of rough set over dual-universes.
Temporal constraint reasoning mechanisms for microprocessor systems diagnosis.
Autonomic intrusion detection: Adaptively detecting anomalies over unlabeled audit data streams in computer networks.
Mapping communicative goals into conceptual tasks to generate graphics in discourse.
Neural networks: current applications : P G J Lisboa (Ed.) Chapman &amp; Hall.
References to graphical objects in interactive multimodal queries.
Design and application of a new knowledge engineering tool for solving real-world problems.
A study on information granularity in formal concept analysis based on concept-bases.
On characterizing and computing the diversity of hyperlinks for anti-spamming page ranking.
Joint single vendor-single buyer supply chain problem with stochastic demand and fuzzy lead-time.
A probability model for key analysis in music.
Clustering time-stamped data using multiple nonnegative matrices factorization.
Concept classifier for knowledge acquisition in frame-based systems.
Building an interactive blackboard framework.
Big Data knowledge discovery.
Multiperson decision making with different preference representation structures: A direct consensus framework and its properties.
Enhancing the blackboard concept to produce a flexible, extensible knowledge-based design tool.
Multi-linear interactive matrix factorization.
A knowledge-based platform for Big Data analytics based on publish/subscribe services and stream processing.
Decider: A fuzzy multi-criteria group decision support system.
Planning of proactive behaviors for human-robot cooperative tasks under uncertainty.
An ontology-based universal design knowledge support system.
Semi-supervised fuzzy clustering with metric learning and entropy regularization.
Concept space connected to knowledge processing for supporting creative design.
Active reducing classification error for CAD systems.
The development of intuitive knowledge classifier and the modeling of domain dependent data.
A rule-based intelligent method for fault diagnosis of rotating machinery.
Aggregating preference ranking with fuzzy Data Envelopment Analysis.
Modelling affective-based music compositional intelligence with the aid of ANS analyses.
On new operational laws of 2-tuple linguistic information using Archimedean t-norm and s-norm.
Differential evolution with local information for neuro-fuzzy systems optimisation.
BitTableFI: An efficient mining frequent itemsets algorithm.
Developing fuzzy classifiers to predict the chance of occurrence of adult psychoses.
Consensus model for multiple criteria group decision making under intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Eco-logic: Logic-based approaches to ecological modelling : D Robertson, A Bundy, R Muetzelfeldt, M Haggith and M Uschold.
Interpreting anaphors in natural language texts: David Carter Ellis Horwood Ltd., UK (1987) &#163;39.50, ISBN 0-7458-0250-8, 292 pp.
Direct talkback in computer supported tools for the conceptual stage of design.
On improving parsing with automatically acquired semantic classes.
Modeling discourse in collaborative work support systems: A knowledge representation and configuration perspective.
Word AdHoc Network: Using Google Core Distance to extract the most relevant information.
An approach to compute user similarity for GPS applications.
Using adaptation knowledge to retrieve and adapt design cases.
Mining frequent trajectory pattern based on vague space partition.
Improving collaborative filtering recommender system results and performance using genetic algorithms.
Interaction and feedback in a spoken language system: a theoretical framework.
A two-grade approach to ranking interval data.
A new method to determine basic probability assignment from training data.
Computers and creativity support: knowledge, visualisation and collaboration.
Decision making matters: A better way to evaluate trust models.
Analysis of pattern recognition and dimensionality reduction techniques for odor biometrics.
Supporting negotiation mechanism privacy authority method in cloud computing.
A manifold learning framework for both clustering and classification.
An improved scheme for minimum cross entropy threshold selection based on genetic algorithm.
A study on the application of instance selection techniques in genetic fuzzy rule-based classification systems: Accuracy-complexity trade-off.
A bibliographical survey of constraint-based approaches to CAD, graphics, layout, visualization, and related topics.
G-ANMI: A mutual information based genetic clustering algorithm for categorical data.
Guest Editorial.
Recommender systems survey.
Discovering pattern-based subspace clusters by pattern tree.
Extension of the temporal synchrony approach to dynamic variable bindingin a connectionist inference system.
Artificial intelligence frontiers in statistics AI and statistics III : D J Hand (Ed.).
Classification rule discovery for the aviation incidents resulted in fatality.
A new similarity measure using Bhattacharyya coefficient for collaborative filtering in sparse data.
On the effectiveness of preprocessing methods when dealing with different levels of class imbalance.
Knowledge modelling for constructing an expert system to support reforestation decisions.
Reasoning within extended fuzzy description logic.
Neural models and algorithms for digital testing : S T Chakradhar, V D Agrawal and M L Bushnell.
Graph-based semantic annotation for enriching educational content with linked data.
A bi-level belief rule based decision support system for diagnosis of lymph node metastasis in gastric cancer.
Discovering unexpected documents in corpora.
Generating and managing metadata for Web-based information systems.
Reusability of simulation models.
Generalized attribute reduct in rough set theory.
A novel two-level nearest neighbor classification algorithm using an adaptive distance metric.
Understanding knowledge architectures.
A non-parametric feature assessment mechanism by identifying representative neighbors for image clustering.
A fuzzy expected value approach under generalized data envelopment analysis.
Human error tolerant anomaly detection based on time-periodic packet sampling.
Fuzzy aggregation and averaging for group decision making: A generalization and survey.
Clusterer ensemble.
Context-aware semantic classification of search queries for browsing community question-answering archives.
Verifying ontological commitment in knowledge-based systems.
Recognizing and regulating e-learners' emotions based on interactive Chinese texts in e-learning systems.
A fuzzy social network centrality analysis model for interpersonal spatial relations.
A heuristic approach to effective and efficient clustering on uncertain objects.
ODOC-ELM: Optimal decision outputs compensation-based extreme learning machine for classifying imbalanced data.
The development of an online knowledge-based expert system for machinability data selection.
Using knowledge on word-islands to improve the performance of spoken dialogue systems.
A support vector machine-based model for detecting top management fraud.
Closed-loop supply chain network design under a fuzzy environment.
Weak transitivity of interval-valued fuzzy relations.
An approach to mining bundled commodities.
Framework for building rule-based machine diagnostic expert systems.
Knowledge-based environment to support product design validation.
Parallel search-and-learn techniques and graph coloring.
A dynamical consensus method based on exit-delegation mechanism for large group emergency decision making.
News impact on stock price return via sentiment analysis.
Dynamic evolutions based on ontologies.
Special issue on 'Intention and Software Process'.
Automatic preference learning on numeric and multi-valued categorical attributes.
QMIQPN: An enhanced QPN based on qualitative mutual information for reducing ambiguity.
Choosing the best dictionary for Cross-Lingual Word Sense Disambiguation.
Recommendations of closed consensus temporal patterns by group decision making.
Advanced empirical testing.
Multi-argument fuzzy measures on lattices of fuzzy sets.
PIPES: A heuristic search model for pipeline schedule generation.
Matching cognitive characteristics of actors and tasks in information systems engineering.
Automatic construction of domain-specific sentiment lexicon based on constrained label propagation.
The design of intelligent workflow monitoring with agent technology.
Ambiguous games played by players with ambiguity aversion and minimax regret.
Class imbalance and the curse of minority hubs.
HMM-based hybrid meta-clustering ensemble for temporal data.
Optimistic Stackelberg solutions to bilevel linear programming with fuzzy random variable coefficients.
The two sides of the theory of rough sets.
f-RIF metamodel-centered fuzzy rule interchange in the Semantic Web.
Sample cutting method for imbalanced text sentiment classification based on BRC.
ApproxCCA: An approximate correlation analysis algorithm for multidimensional data streams.
Evolutionary-based selection of generalized instances for imbalanced classification.
A probabilistic approach to fraud detection in telecommunications.
Guest Editorial: Intelligent Decision Making Support Tools.
The Selection Recognition Agent: instant access to relevant information and operations.
A family of computer systems for delivering individualized advice.
Data analysis approaches of soft sets under incomplete information.
Mining lossless closed frequent patterns with weight constraints.
An efficient adaptive fuzzy inference system for complex and high dimensional regression problems in linguistic fuzzy modelling.
Knowledge discovery and data mining.
Consensus image method for unknown noise removal.
Multiple Boosting in the Ant Colony Decision Forest meta-classifier.
A Swarm-Optimized Fuzzy Instance-based Learning approach for predicting slope collapses in mountain roads.
Remote decision support system: a distributed information management system.
Discovering highly expected utility itemsets for revenue prediction.
One-Class Support Tensor Machine.
Mathematical structure model for Word-Based Program.
Similarity measure for vague sets based on implication functions.
Risk and confidence analysis for fuzzy multicriteria decision making.
An efficient subscription index for publication matching in the cloud.
Capacitated location-routing problem with time windows under uncertainty.
Supporting image retrieval framework with rule base system.
Competition policy for technological innovation in an era of knowledge-based economy.
Interactive multimedia -- creative catalyst or constraint?
Integrating machine learning with knowledge acquisition through direct interaction with domain experts.
Expert systems lab course : P Schnupp, C T Nguyen and L W.
Multi-modal fusion of palm-dorsa vein pattern for accurate personal authentication.
Incorporating rhetorical and plausible reasoning in a system for simulating argumentation.
A theoretical development on the entropy of interval-valued fuzzy sets based on the intuitionistic distance and its relationship with similarity measure.
A bias correction function for classification performance assessment in two-class imbalanced problems.
A new dominance intensity method to deal with ordinal information about a DM's preferences within MAVT.
Knowledge representation form in mechanical engineering.
A decision support system for managing combinatorial problems in container terminals.
An intuitionistic fuzzy linear programming method for logistics outsourcing provider selection.
The relationship among three types of rough approximation pairs.
Explaining design plans.
Multi-kernel learnt partial linear regularization network and its application to predict the liquid steel temperature in ladle furnace.
Definite integrals of multiplicative intuitionistic fuzzy information in decision making.
ROLEX-SP: Rules of lexical syntactic patterns for free text categorization.
A distributed system for the simulation of people flows in an airport terminal.
Improving Recall of software defect prediction models using association mining.
A novel integrated production-distribution planning model with conflict and coordination in a supply chain network.
A weighted adaptation method on learning user preference profile.
A creative abduction approach to scientific and knowledge discovery.
Let's browse: a collaborative browsing agent.
More than just a pretty face: conversational protocols and the affordances of embodiment.
A unified approach to matching semantic data on the Web.
Knowledge-base reconstruction.
Computational models for computing fuzzy cardinal directional relations between regions.
SAIRVO: a planning system implementing the ACTEM concept.
An empirical evaluation of similarity measures for time series classification.
Binary PSO with mutation operator for feature selection using decision tree applied to spam detection.
Set-theoretic equation solver based on a truth-maintained architecture.
A case study on a hybrid wind speed forecasting method using BP neural network.
Knowledge organisation of product design blackboard systems via graph decomposition.
Implementing a data mining solution for enhancing carpet manufacturing productivity.
Self-associated concept mapping for representation, elicitation and inference of knowledge.
Unsupervised data pruning for clustering of noisy data.
Implicit feature identification in Chinese reviews using explicit topic mining model.
A new hybrid MCDM model combining DANP with VIKOR to improve e-store business.
Big social network influence maximization via recursively estimating influence spread.
A new Fruit Fly Optimization Algorithm: Taking the financial distress model as an example.
Relations between granular reduct and dominance reduct in formal contexts.
PoliTwi: Early detection of emerging political topics on twitter and the impact on concept-level sentiment analysis.
Feature subset selection based on fuzzy neighborhood rough sets.
Characterization of ECG beats from cardiac arrhythmia using discrete cosine transform in PCA framework.
Fruit fly optimization algorithm based on differential evolution and its application on gasification process operation optimization.
The evolutionary perspective of knowledge creation - A mathematical representation.
Cannibalism in medical topic networks.
Mining fuzzy specific rare itemsets for education data.
Projected-prototype based classifier for text categorization.
Knowledge based-system for alternative design, cost estimating and scheduling.
Efficient text chunking using linear kernel with masked method.
A novel joint tracker based on occlusion detection.
Designing a knowledge-based system for benchmarking: A DEA approach.
A complete first-order temporal BDI logic for forest multi-agent systems.
Approximate concept construction with three-way decisions and attribute reduction in incomplete contexts.
A decision model for information technology selection using AHP integrated TOPSIS-Grey: The case of content management systems.
Improved hierarchical fuzzy TOPSIS for road safety performance evaluation.
Authorship identification from unstructured texts.
Mining knowledge from data using Anticipatory Classifier System.
Kernel online learning algorithm with state feedbacks.
Automated implementation of a design principle during the optimization of conceptual aircraft.
Using citations to facilitate precise indexing and automatic index creation in collections of research papers.
Editorial.
Hyper-ellipsoidal clustering technique for evolving data stream.
A novel trust management framework for multi-cloud environments based on trust service providers.
On securing online registration protocols: Formal verification of a new proposal.
Multivariate decision trees with monotonicity constraints.
A knowledge-based Decision Support System for adaptive fingerprint identification that uses relevance feedback.
Generating MDA's platform independent model using URDAD.
Computation scheme for the general purpose VLSI fuzzy inference engine as expert system.
Location difference of multiple distances based k-nearest neighbors algorithm.
The creation and management of organizational knowledge.
Discovering valuable frequent patterns based on RFM analysis without customer identification information.
Those "psychological tools" inside the design process.
Incremental learning from news events.
The inseparability problem in interactive case-based reasoning.
Secure communications with an asymptotic secrecy model.
A flexible semantic inference methodology to reason about user preferences in knowledge-based recommender systems.
Discourse processing for context question answering based on linguistic knowledge.
Two-level speech recognition to enhance the performance of spoken dialogue systems.
Philosophy and artificial intelligence : T C Moody.
A rough set approach for selecting clustering attribute.
A novel business cycle surveillance system using the query logs of search engines.
Functional requirements for computer-based design support systems, derived from experimental studies.
Near-synonym substitution using a discriminative vector space model.
On the axiomatization of some classes of discrete universal integrals.
An improved artificial bee colony and its application.
Negotiation in collaborative activity: an implementation experiment.
Artificial intelligence through search : C Thornton and B du Boulay.
Interval-valued hesitant preference relations and their applications to group decision making.
Evolving prototype control rules for a dynamic system.
MOGA-based fuzzy data mining with taxonomy.
Contextual sentiment analysis for social media genres.
Towards knowledge-based identification of mineral mixtures from reflectance spectra.
High-order fuzzy-neuro expert system for time series forecasting.
Editorial.
A hybrid model for rule discovery in data.
Can complex conventional programs be revitalized?
Compliance Flow - Managing the compliance of dynamic and complex processes.
Extending fuzzy soft sets with fuzzy description logics.
Distributivity equations and Mayor's aggregation operators.
Extracting relational facts for indexing and retrieval of crime-scene photographs.
A dynamic reward-based incentive mechanism: Reducing the cost of P2P systems.
Special issue on "Intelligent Software Design".
On efficient conditioning of probabilistic relational databases.
Emergent media environment for idea creation support.
A new one-class SVM based on hidden information.
Expert systems in manufacturing. Part 1: A users' perspective on expert-systems innovation.
Computational support for collective creativity.
An improved simplified swarm optimization.
Updating multigranulation rough approximations with increasing of granular structures.
Joint model for feature selection and parameter optimization coupled with classifier ensemble in chemical mention recognition.
Smart radio - community based music radio.
NP-miner: A real-time recommendation algorithm by using web usage mining.
Segmentation of DNA using simple recurrent neural network.
Single robot - Multiple human interaction via intelligent user interfaces.
Automated object-oriented reusable component identification.
Continuous and incremental data mining association rules using frame metadata model.
Appearance-based gaze estimation using deep features and random forest regression.
Web service publishing and composition based on monadic methods and program slicing.
An approach to determining the integrated weights of decision makers based on interval number group decision matrices.
Case-based reasoning for AIDS initial assessment.
Using AI and semantic web technologies to attack process complexity in open systems.
Do impression management tactics and/or supervisor-subordinate guanxi matter?
Node-coupling clustering approaches for link prediction.
The omnipresence of case-based reasoning in science and application.
A novel probabilistic feature selection method for text classification.
Data mining and knowledge discovery in proton nuclear magnetic resonance (<sup>1</sup>H-NMR) spectra using frequency to information transformation (FIT).
A compensatory model for computing with words under discrete labels and incomplete information.
Enhanced link clustering with observations on ground truth to discover social circles.
Three-way recommender systems based on random forests.
The Internet as a Complementary Resource for SMEs: The Interaction Effect of Strategic Assets and the Internet.
Empirical Insights on the Effect of User-Generated Website Features on Micro-Conversions.
Effects of e-CRM Value Perceptions on Website Loyalty: An Empirical Investigation from Customer Perspective.
Exploring Relationship Between Information Systems Strategic Orientation and Small Business Performance.
Gender Divide in the Use of Internet Applications.
Two Faces of Mobile Shopping: Self-Efficacy and Impulsivity.
Can Web Seals Work Wonders for Small E-Vendors in the Online Trading Environment? A Theoretical Approach.
Adoption of Online Social Media Innovation: Who's Inside the Spectrum?
Prior Negative Experience, Online Privacy Concerns and Intent to Disclose Personal Information in Chinese Social Media.
Exploring the Effects of Blog Visit Experience on Relationship Quality: An Empirical Investigation with a Cardiac Surgery Medical Blog Site.
The Driving Forces of Customer Loyalty: A Study of Internet Service Providers in Hong Kong.
Business Process Digitalization and New Product Development: An Empirical Study of Small and Medium-Sized Manufacturers.
An Exploratory Study of Factors Affecting Consumer International Online Shopping Behavior.
The Impact of E-CRM on Organisational and Individual Behavior: The Effect of the Remuneration and Reward System.
Extending TAM and IDT to Predict the Adoption of the Internet for B-to-B Marketing Activities: An Empirical Study of UK Companies.
The Rugby Player and the Handbag: Extending a Model of the Factors of Influence in Online Auctions.
Organisational Challenges of Implementing E-Business in the Public Services: The Case of Britain's National Mapping Agency.
An Approach to Engineer Communities of Web Services: Concepts, Architecture, Operation, and Deployment.
The Effect of E-Service Quality on Football Fan Satisfaction and Fan Loyalty toward the Websites of Their Favorable Football Teams.
Social Cognitive Theory in Mobile Banking Innovations.
Business Associates in the National Health Information Network: Implications for Medical Information Privacy.
Econometric Simulation for E-Business Strategy Evaluation.
What is New York's Amazon Tax on Internet Commerce?
Adoption of Near Field Communication (NFC) for Mobile Payments in the UAE: A Merchants' Perspective.
A Hybrid Ontology Mediation Approach for the Semantic Web.
Managing Non-Organic Virtual Brand Communities in Social Networking Sites.
Using Social Networks Sites in the Purchasing Decision Process.
Antecedents to Online Shopping: Factors Influencing the Selection of Web Portal.
E-Business Decision Making by Agreement.
The Role of Usability in E-Commerce Services.
On Some Misconceptions Concerning Digital Banking and Alternative Delivery Channels.
User Interface Design and E-Commerce Security Perception: An Empirical Study.
The Role of Trust in Business-to-Business E-Commerce Collaboration in a Unique Environment in Australia.
Monitoring and Controlling E-Mail Systems: A Cross Case Analysis.
Finding e-Service Offerings by Computer-Supported Customer Need Reasoning.
Analyzing the Privacy of a Vickrey Auction Mechanism.
Web Aesthetics and Usability: An Empirical Study of the Effects of White Space.
Organizational Slack and Information Technology Innovation Adoption in SMEs.
Drivers and Inhibitors to XBRL adoption: A Qualitative Approach to Build a Theory in Under-Researched Areas.
Coping with Manufacturers' Dilemma in the E-Commerce Era: A Relational Model and a Strategic Framework.
E-Business Adoption in SMEs: Some Preliminary Findings from Electronic Components Industry.
A Context-Based and Policy-Driven Method to Design and Develop Composite Web Services.
Development of a Measurement Instrument for Website Design Utilizing Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) Multi-Attribute Decision Modeling.
An Online Success Story: The Role of an Online Service in a Magazine Publisher's Business Model.
What Has Been Learned from Emergent Music Business Models?
How Consumer Perceptions of Network Size and Social Interactions Influence the Intention to adopt Peer-to-Peer Technologies.
Consumer Responses to the Introduction of Privacy Protection Measures: An Exploratory Research Framework.
A Study of the Impact of Individual Differences on Online Shopping.
The Improvement of Governance Decision Making Using XBRL.
Reasons for Avatar Gender Swapping by Online Game Players: A Qualitative Interview-Based Study.
Effects of Website Interactivity on e-Loyalty: A Social Exchange Perspective.
Perceived Risk and Online Shopping Intention: A Study Across Gender and Product Type.
Intelligent Agent Based Model for Auction Service Discovery in Mobile E-Commerce.
The Influence of Corporate Social Media on Firm Level Strategic Decision Making: A Preliminary Exploration.
Online Gamers' Preferences for Online Game Charging Mechanisms: The Effect of Exploration Motivation.
Usage Metering for Service-Oriented Grid Computing.
Political Participation and Engagement via Different Online and Offline Channels.
Using Social Media for Service Innovations: Challenges and Pitfalls.
Proposing a Hierarchical Utility Package with Reference to Mobile Advertising.
Analyzing the Impact of Game Vendors' Actions on the Monetary Value of Virtual Goods.
Success in the Web 2.0 Ecosystem: Exploring the State and Determinants in Indian Businesses.
A Review of Machine Learning and Data Mining Approaches for Business Applications in Social Networks.
Virtual Organization: Resource-Based View.
Current Developing Trend of Sales Tax on E-Business.
Balancing of Heterogeneity and Interoperability in E-Business Networks: The Role of Standards and Protocols.
E-Business in Developing Countries: A Comparison of China and India.
Integration of E-CRM in Healthcare Services: A Framework for Analysis.
Strategic Maneuvering in Healthcare Technology Markets: The Case of Emdeon Corporation.
Issues and Opportunities in E-Business Research: A Simonian Perspective.
Who Plays Games Online?: The Relationship Between Gamer Personality and Online Game Use.
Brand Equity Effects on Bidding Strategies in an Online Environment: Evidence from eBay Coin Auctions.
E-Retail Adoption in Emerging Markets: Applicability of an Integrated Trust and Technology Acceptance Model.
The Hispanic View of E-mail, Popup, and Banner Advertising.
Assessing the Quality of a Decision Support E-Service.
From Online to Offline Through Brand Extensions and Alliances.
Market Transparency in Business-to-Business e-Commerce: A Simulation Analysis.
Determinants of Consumer Intention to Use Online Gambling Services: An Empirical Study of the Portuguese Market.
Exploring Decision Rules for Sellers in Business-to-Consumer(B2C) Internet Auctions.
Relationships Between Supply Characteristics and Buyer-Supplier Coupling in E-Procurement: An Empirical Analysis.
From Virtual Organization to E-Business: Transformational Structuration.
Creating Competitive Markets for Small Businesses with New Media and E-Business Strategy.
Interoperability of XBRL Financial Statements in the U.S.
Consumer Confusion in Mobile Application Buying: The Moderating Role of Need for Cognition.
The Role of Litigation in First-Mover Performance in M-Business.
The Impact of the Internet on Marketing Strategy: Revisiting Early Predictions.
Analyzing the Intention to Use Mobile Coupon and the Moderating Effects of Price Consciousness and Gender.
Managing Virtuality in Enterprise Social Systems.
An Executable Language/Enactment Engine Approach for Designing and Architecting Process-Aware Web Applications.
The Emerging Application Ecosystems: An Introductory Analysis of Android Ecosystem.
Mobilization Techniques Utilized by Leading Global E-Commerce Sites.
Payment Methods and Purchase Intention from Online Stores: An Empirical Study in Jordan.
Functional Modelling and Analysis of IDM E-Tailer Platforms.
A Trade Value Perspective on Ecommerce Research: An Integration of Transaction Value and Transaction Cost Theories.
An Implementation of a New Type of Online Auction.
Computer Self-Efficiency as an Antecedent to the Acceptance of Instant Messenger Technology.
A Netnographic Analysis of Facebook Content Strategy of World's Top 10 Management Institutes.
Information Technology Interventions for Growth and Competitiveness in Micro-Enterprises.
Role of Mobile Based Applications in India's Social and Economic Transformation.
Effects of Perceived Risks on Adoption of Internet Banking Services: An Empirical Investigation in Taiwan.
An Empirical Study of the Impact of Brand Name on Personal Customers' Adoption of Internet Banking in Hong Kong.
Insights into Web Service Orchestration and Choreography.
Adoption of Mobile Technology in the Supply Chain: An Exploratory Cross-Case Analysis.
Product Choice and Channel Strategy for Multi-Channel Retailers.
Evolving E-Health System Symbiosis: Theoretical Constructs in International Realpolitik Space.
Usage of Pre-Made Text-Modules and Peer-Groups for Mitigating Information Asymmetry in Social Lending: Evidence on Funding Success from German Platform Smava.
SMEs Performance: Leveraging Marketing Process Through E-Business.
A Fixed Pricing Group Buying Decision Model: Insights from the Social Perspective.
Value-Based Analysis of Mobile Tagging.
Managing SaaS Risk in Higher Education Organisations: A Case Study.
A Modified Approach For Information Systems Success In The Context Of Internet Banking Using Structural Equation Modelling with R: An Empirical Study From India.
An Exploratory Study of the Design Preferences of U.S. and Chinese Virtual Communities.
Training, Competence, and Business Performance: Evidence from E-business in European Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises.
The Human Face of E-Business: Engendering Consumer Initial Trust Through the Use of Images of Sales Personnel on E-Commerce Web Sites.
E-Commerce Growth and the Changing Structure of the Retail Sales Industry.
Online Engagement and Impact: The Case of Greek Politicians during the Financial Crisis.
EBBSC: A Balanced Scorecard-Based Framework for Strategic E-Business Management.
Performance Evaluation of Consumer Decision Support Systems.
Asymmetric Upgrading of Mobile Services: A Demand-Side Explanation.
Cognitive Trust Model for B2B E-Market: Design and Implementation.
Nibbling, Sniping, and the Role of Uncertainty in Second-Price, Hard-Close Internet Auctions: Empirical Evidence from eBay.
Governance Mechanisms in Internet-Based Affiliate Marketing Programs in Spain.
Taking a Strategic Alliance Approach to Enhance M-Commerce Development: Challenges and Strategies.
Delivering Superior Customer Perceived Value in the Context of Network Effects.
Still Watching Other People's Programmes? The Case of Current TV.
Information Technology Continuance Intention: A Systematic Literature Review.
Two Basic Types of Business-to-Business Integration.
Critical Success Factors of Web-Based E-Service: The Case of E-Insurance.
Exploring the Roles of Intermediaries in Collective Memory-Supported Electronic Negotiation: A Theoretical Framework.
E-Business Deployment in Nigerian Financial Firms: An Empirical Analysis of Key Factors.
Overcoming Visibility Issues in a Small-to-Medium Retailer Using Automatic Identification and Data Capture Technology: An Evolutionary Approach.
An Empirical Study of the Effect of Internet Services on the Preferential Adoption of Mobile Internet.
Do Mobile CRM Services Appeal to Loyalty Program Customers?
Adoption of Internet-Based Marketing Channels by Small- and Medium-Sized Manufacturers.
An Empirical Investigation into the Sources of Customer Dissatisfaction with Online Games.
How Well Do E-Commerce Web Sites Support Compensatory and Non-Compensatory Decision Strategies? An Exploratory Study.
When Clouds Start Socializing: The Sky Model.
Knowledge-Based Intermediaries.
Potentials and Perils of E-Business in China.
A Semantic Web-Based Approach for Building Personalized News Services.
Modelling in Clinical Practice with Web Services and BPEL.
Attribute Perceptions as Factors Explaining Mobile Internet Acceptance of Cellular Customers in Germany: An Empirical Study Comparing Actual and Potential Adopters with Distinct Categories of Access Appliances.
XBRL Taxonomy for Estimating the Effects of Greenhouse Gas Emissions on Corporate Financial Positions.
Who (Dis)Continues to use SMS in the Age of Ubiquitous Mobile Internet Access?: A Two-Level Investigation of Residential Mobile Communications Customers in Germany.
A Model-Based Privacy Compliance Checker.
A Typology of Interorganizational Relationships: A Marriage, a Fling, or Something in Between.
The Influence of Quality on E-Commerce Success: An Empirical Application of the Delone and Mclean IS Success Model.
Towards an Understanding of User Acceptance to Use Biometrics Authentication Systems in E-commerce: Using an Extension of the Technology Acceptance Model.
The Effect of Utilitarian Website Features on Online Saudi Arabia Consumers Loyalty in the Case of Online Flight Booking.
From Operational Dashboards to E-business: Multiagent Formulation of Electronic Contracts.
A Conceptual Framework for Enterprise Interoperability.
Drivers and Inhibitors of Mobile-Payment Adoption by Smartphone Users.
A Roadmap for Ambient E-Service: Applications and Embracing Model.
Software Firm Cost Structure and Its Impact on IPOs in the E-Commerce Era.
Strategic Positioning and Resource-Based Thinking: Cutting Through the Haze of Punditry to Understand Factors Behind Sustainable, Successful Internet Businesses.
The Measurement of Electronic Service Quality: Improvements and Application.
Pure Play vs. Bricks-and-Clicks: Who Reaps the Benefits of Virtual Retailing?
Challenges for Deploying Web Services-Based E-Business Systems in SMEs.
The Value of Information Systems to Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises: Information and Communications Technologies as Signal and Symbol of Legitimacy and Competitiveness.
Greater Accountability, Less Red Tape: The Australian Standard Business Reporting Experience.
Financial Valuation of a Business Model as an Intangible Asset.
On Personalizing Web Services Using Context.
Reasons for Non-Engagement in Online Shopping: Evidence from the Philippines.
To Bid or to Buy?: Online Shoppers' Preferences for Online Purchasing Channels.
Market Reactions to XBRL-Formatted Financial Information: Empirical Evidence from China.
Process-Oriented Assessment of Web Services.
An Empirical Study of Predicting Hong Kong Consumers' Online Shopping Intentions: Personal Hygiene Products.
Consumers as "Integrators" of Marketing Communications: When "Like" is as Good as "Buy".
A Secure Mobile Payment Framework in MANET Environment.
The Need for Formal Compatibility Analysis in Web Service Choreography via an E-Commerce Application.
The Effect of E-Commerce Websites' Colors on Customer Trust.
What's Around Me?: Applying the Theory of Consumption Values to Understanding the Use of Location-Based Services (LBS) on Smart Phones.
Pricing Strategy of Online Knowledge Market: The Analysis of Google Answers.
IPR Protection for Digital Media Distribution: Trends and Solutions in the E-Business Domain.
Product Choice Strategy for Online Retailers.
The Influence of Information Technology Utilization (ITU) on Supply Chain Integration (SCI).
Creating Loyalty Towards Magazine Websites: Insights from the Double Jeopardy Phenomenon.
Research on Food Allergy Information using Smart Mobile Media Devices to Enhance Communication at Restaurants.
E-Consumer Behaviour: Past, Present and Future Trajectories of an Evolving Retail Revolution.
Resource-Based Interdependencies in Value Networks for Mobile E-Services.
Two-Phase Usability Evaluation of Insurance Website Prototypes.
Modeling Intention to Use Novel Mobile Peer-To-Peer Services.
Morethailand.com: Online Travel Intermediary.
Effects of Consumer-Perceived Convenience on Shopping Intention in Mobile Commerce: An Empirical study.
What Factors Determine the Usage of Online Games One Year Later?
Reverse Auctions in the Service Sector: The Case of LetsWorkIt.de.
When Parameterized Model Driven Development Supports Aspect Based SOA.
Privacy Protection Via Technology: Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P).
Measuring e-Commerce Technology Enabled Business Value: An Exploratory Research.
Overview of Emerging Web 2.0-Based Business Models and Web 2.0 Applications in Businesses: An Ecological Perspective.
Coordinating Multi-Channel Pricing of Seasonal Goods.
Investigating the Impact of Customer Relationship Management Practices of E-Commerce on Online Customer's Web Site Satisfaction: A Model-Building Approach.
The State of E-Compliance Among U.S. Retailers.
Pressing the Play Button: What Drives the Intention to Play Social Mobile Games?
Retail in the Digital City.
Extending Care Outside of the Hospital Walls: A Case of Value Creation through Synchronous Video Communication for Knowledge Exchange in Community Health Network.
Comparing Mobile and Internet Adoption Factors of Loyalty and Satisfaction with Online Shopping Consumers.
Individual Trust in Online Firms: The Relative and Temporal Effects of Antecedent Beliefs.
Exploring the Role of Service Quality and Knowledge for Mobile Health Services.
Decision Factors for the Adoption of an Online Payment System by Customers.
An Exploratory Study of Consumer Adoption of Online Shipping: Mediating Effect of Online Purchase Intention.
Spam, Spim, and User Perceptions of E-Mail and Instant Messaging Usefulness.
The Role of Information Technology Knowledge in B2B Development.
Critical Factors to Successful Website Development: Opinions of Website Designers and Developers.
Analysis of Business Process Models in Enterprise Web Services.
Predicting the Initial Adoption of Upgrading of Electronic Communication Systems.
The Principle of Nexus in E-Commerce Tax.
Which Move to the Middle: Industry Consortia or Private Exchanges?
E-Business Models in B2B: Process Based Categorization and Analysis of B2B Models.
AGATHE: An Agent- and Ontology-Based System for Gathering Information about Restricted Web Domains.
Developing a Global CRM Strategy.
Lifestyles and Mobile Services Adoption in China.
The Evolution from E-Commerce to M-Commerce: Pressures, Firm Capabilities and Competitive Advantage in Strategic Decision Making.
Essential Functionalities for Commercial Internet Presence: A Portuguese Study.
Macro-Economic and Social Impacts of Offshore Outsourcing of Information Technology: Practitioner and Academic Perspectives.
Regulating Mobile Services: An Institution-Based View.
Semiautomatic Derivation and Use of Personal Privacy Policies in E-Business.
How Can Internet Service Providers Tap into the Potentially-Lucrative Small Business Market?
Privacy Factors for Successful Ubiquitous Computing.
An Exploratory Look at Attributes of Internet Use and Adoption by Franchisees.
Study on E-Business Adoption from Stakeholders' Perspectives in Indian Firms.
Social Media Marketing in the Scandinavian Industrial Markets.
A Fuzzy Logic-Based Approach for Supporting Decision-Making Process in B2C Electronic Commerce Transaction.
Multi-Channel Retailing and Customer Satisfaction: Implications for E-CRM.
Business Process Modeling with URN.
Scalable Security and Accounting Services for Content-Based Publish/Subscribe Systems.
Social Media as Persuasive Technology for Business in Malaysia.
Dynamics of Mobile Service Adoption.
E-CRM and Managerial Discretion.
Toward Meta-cognitive Tutoring: A Model of Help Seeking with a Cognitive Tutor.
Knowledge Elicitation Methods for Affect Modelling in Education.
A Bayesian Student Model without Hidden Nodes and its Comparison with Item Response Theory.
Going Beyond the Problem Given: How Human Tutors Use Post-Solution Discussions to Support Transfer.
Designing Educational Systems Fit for Use: A Case Study in the Application of Human Centred Design for AIED.
The Logic-ITA in the Classroom: A Medium Scale Experiment.
Designing Learning by Teaching Agents: The Betty's Brain System.
Enhancing the Automatic Generation of Hints with Expert Seeding.
Improving Group Selection and Assessment in an Asynchronous Collaborative Writing Application.
Using Ontological Engineering to Organize Learning/Instructional Theories and Build a Theory-Aware Authoring System.
A Simulation-Based Experience in Learning Structures of Bayesian Networks to Represent How Students Learn Composite Concepts.
A Collaborative Case Study System for Distance Learning.
Special Issue: Best of ITS 2010.
Experimental Evaluation of Automatic Hint Generation for a Logic Tutor.
Student Modelling Based on Belief Networks.
iLOG: A Framework for Automatic Annotation of Learning Objects with Empirical Usage Metadata.
Scaffolding Meta-Cognitive Skills for Effective Analogical Problem Solving via Tailored Example Selection.
MATHESIS: An Intelligent Web-Based Algebra Tutoring School.
A Human-Computer Dialogue System for Educational Debate: A Computational Dialectics Approach.
Education and the Semantic Web.
Interacting with Inspectable Bayesian Student Models.
Supporting Collaborative Learning With An Intelligent Web-Based System.
"Open Learner Models: Future Research Directions" Special Issue of the IJAIED (Part 2).
Predicting Affective States expressed through an Emote-Aloud Procedure from AutoTutor's Mixed-Initiative Dialogue.
Care - Making the Affective Leap: More Than a Concerned Interest in a Learner's Cognitive Abilities.
The Caring Personal Agent.
Learner Centred Design in the Adventure Author Project.
STyLE-OLM: Interactive Open Learner Modelling.
ASPIRE: An Authoring System and Deployment Environment for Constraint-Based Tutors.
Serious Use of a Serious Game for Language Learning.
Authoring Model-Tracing Cognitive Tutors.
Spoken Versus Typed Human and Computer Dialogue Tutoring.
Poisson-Based Inference for Perturbation Models in Adaptive Spelling Training.
Investigating the Relationship Between Dialogue Structure and Tutoring Effectiveness: A Hidden Markov Modeling Approach.
Concepts, Structures, and Goals: Redefining Ill-Definedness.
Looking Ahead to Select Tutorial Actions: A Decision-Theoretic Approach.
Adaptive and Intelligent Web-based Educational Systems.
An Intelligent SQL Tutor on the Web.
The Andes Physics Tutoring System: Lessons Learned.
Towards a Framework for Modelling Engagement Dynamics in Multiple Learning Domains.
Active Open Learner Models as Animal Companions: Motivating Children to Learn through Interacting with My-Pet and Our-Pet.
An Assessment of Constraint-Based Tutors: A Response to Mitrovic and Ohlsson's Critique of "A Comparison of Model-Tracing and Constraint-Based Intelligent Tutoring Paradigms".
Responding to Student Uncertainty in Spoken Tutorial Dialogue Systems.
You Can't Fatten A Hog by Weighing It - Or Can You? Evaluating an Assessment for Learning System Called ACED.
Opening up the Interpretation Process in an Open Learner Model.
Preface.
Analyze Me: Open Learner Model in an Adaptive Web Testing System.
Expertise, Motivation and Teaching in Learning Companion Systems.
Expanding the Model-Tracing Architecture: A 3rd Generation Intelligent Tutor for Algebra Symbolization.
E-Drama: Facilitating Online Role-play using an AI Actor and Emotionally Expressive Characters.
Learning, Interactional, and Motivational Outcomes in One-to-One Synchronous Computer-mediated versus Face-to-Face Tutoring.
Expanding the Space of Plausible Solutions in a Medical Tutoring System for Problem-Based Learning.
Capturing the Evolution of Grammatical Knowledge in a CALL System for Deaf Learners of English.
Preface.
MLTutor: An Application of Machine Learning Algorithms for an Adaptive Web-based Information System.
Towards Systems That Care: A Conceptual Framework based on Motivation, Metacognition and Affect.
Inducing and Tracking Confusion with Contradictions during Complex Learning.
Evaluating the Effect of Open Student Models on Self-Assessment.
AMPLIA: A Probabilistic Learning Environment.
An Algebra Subsystem for Diagnosing Students' Input in a Physics Tutoring System.
Geosimulation in Education: A System for Teaching Police Resource Allocation.
An Experimental Evaluation of Logiocando, an Intelligent Tutoring Hypermedia System.
When Does Disengagement Correlate with Performance in Spoken Dialog Computer Tutoring?
Using an Intelligent Tutor and Math Fluency Training to Improve Math Performance.
SIETTE: A Web-Based Tool for Adaptive Testing.
UMPTEEN: Named and Anonymous Learner Model Access for Instructors and Peers.
Constraint-based Modeling and Ambiguity.
Evaluating the REDEEM Authoring Tool: Can Teachers Create Effective Learning Environments?
QALSIC: Building an Articulate Educational Software for High School Inorganic Chemistry Laboratories.
Showing Automatically Generated Students' Conceptual Models to Students and Teachers.
An Evaluation of Pedagogical Tutorial Tactics for a Natural Language Tutoring System: A Reinforcement Learning Approach.
How to Construct More Accurate Student Models: Comparing and Optimizing Knowledge Tracing and Performance Factor Analysis.
Collaborative Information Filtering: A Review and an Educational Application.
Children's Interactions with Animated Agents in an Intelligent Tutoring System.
A Critique of Kodaganallur, Weitz and Rosenthal, "A Comparison of Model-Tracing and Constraint-Based Intelligent Tutoring Paradigms".
Using Intelligent Feedback to Improve Sourcing and Integration in Students' Essays.
CARSS: A Framework for Learner-Centred Design with Children.
Benefits of Virtual Characters in Computer Based Learning Environments: Claims and Evidence.
MetaLinks: Authoring and Affordances for Conceptual and Narrative Flow in Adaptive Hyperbooks.
Integrating Learning, Problem Solving, and Engagement in Narrative-Centered Learning Environments.
A Comparison of Model-Tracing and Constraint-Based Intelligent Tutoring Paradigms.
Automatic Detection of Student Mental Models Based on Natural Language Student Input During Metacognitive Skill Training.
Evaluating an Intelligent Tutoring System for Making Legal Arguments with Hypotheticals.
Toward Exploiting EEG Input in a Reading Tutor.
Intelligent Tutoring for Ill-Defined Domains in Military Simulation-Based Training.
Evidence-based Approach to Interacting with Open Student Models.
Constructing Causal Diagrams to Learn Deliberation.
I-MINDS: A Multiagent System for Intelligent Computer- Supported Collaborative Learning and Classroom Management.
The Effect of Self-Explaining on Robust Learning.
A Study of Feedback Strategies in Foreign Language Classrooms and Tutorials with Implications for Intelligent Computer-Assisted Language Learning Systems.
Simulating Instructional Roles through Pedagogical Agents.
UsingWeighted Constraints to Diagnose Errors in Logic Programming - The Case of an Ill-defined Domain.
A Simulated Student Can Improve Collaborative Learning.
The Difficulty Factors Approach to the Design of Lessons in Intelligent Tutor Curricula.
Be Brief, And They Shall Learn: Generating Concise Language Feedback for a Computer Tutor.
Student Modeling in Orthopedic Surgery Training: Exploiting Symbiosis between Temporal Bayesian Networks and Fine-grained Didactic Analysis.
PREFACE.
The Careful Double Vision of Self.
Merci John.
Self-Assessment in the REAP Tutor: Knowledge, Interest, Motivation, &amp; Learning.
Coaching Web-based Collaborative Learning based on Problem Solution Differences and Participation.
A New Paradigm for Intelligent Tutoring Systems: Example-Tracing Tutors.
The Behavior of Tutoring Systems.
Widening the Knowledge Acquisition Bottleneck for Constraint-based Tutors.
Intelligent Sentence Writing Tutor: A System Development Cycle.
Preface.
Preface.
An Evaluation of a Hybrid Language Understanding Approach for Robust Selection of Tutoring Goals.
Commentary on Kurt VanLehn's "The Behavior of Tutoring Systems".
Design of a Learning Environment in Combinatorics based on Problem Solving: Modeling Activities, Problems and Errors.
Supporting Mathematical Problem Posing with a System for Learning Generation Processes through Examples.
Using Knowledge Tracing in a Noisy Environment to Measure Student Reading Proficiencies.
FearNot! Involving Children in the Design of a Virtual Learning Environment.
MArCo: Building an Artificial Conflict Mediator to Support Group Planning Interactions.
Role- and Relationship-based Identity Management for Privacy-enhanced E-learning.
Automatic Extraction of Pedagogic Metadata from Learning Content.
Learning What Works in its from Non-Traditional Randomized Controlled Trial Data.
Software Patterns in ITS Architectures.
A System that Facilitates Diverse Thinking in Problem Posing.
Explicit Reflection in Prolog-Tutor.
Desirable Characteristics of Learning Companions.
A Look at the Roles of Look &amp; Roles in Embodied Pedagogical Agents - A User Preference Perspective.
Detecting Learning Moment-by-Moment.
Towards Individualized Dialogue Support for Ill-Defined Domains.
Monitoring Affect States During Effortful Problem Solving Activities.
Student Models that Invite the Learner In: The SMILI: () Open Learner Modelling Framework.
Advancing Development of Intercultural Competence through Supporting Predictions in Narrative Video.
CycleTalk: Data Driven Design of Support for Simulation Based Learning.
From Mirroring to Guiding: A Review of State of the Art Technology for Supporting Collaborative Learning.
Reflections on the KVL Tutoring Framework: Past, Present, and Future.
Personalization of Reading Passages Improves Vocabulary Acquisition.
Integrating Case-Based Reasoning and Meta-Learning for a Self-Improving Intelligent Tutoring System.
BiLAT: A Game-Based Environment for Practicing Negotiation in a Cultural Context.
An Intelligent Tutoring System for Entity Relationship Modelling.
Recognizing Young Readers' Spoken Questions.
Supporting Collaborative Learning and E-Discussions Using Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
Structured Markup on the Web: A Tale of Two Sites.
From Semistructured Data to XML: Migrating the Lore Data Model and Query Language.
Regular Expressions for Checking Dates.
Two propositions regarding "Topic Maps".
A Simple Property Set for Contract Architectural Forms.
Managing XML Documents in an Integrated Digital Library.
Complexity of Context-Free Grammars with Exceptions and the Inadequacy of Grammars as Models for XML and SGML.
XML Tools And Architecture for Named Entity Recognition.
Meaning and Interpretation of Markup.
The Death of XML Editors - And The Next-Generation Client.
XML Conformance (draft-19990728-1650).
Topic Maps: Templates, Topology, and Type Hierarchies.
Demonstrational Interface for XSLT Stylesheet Generation.
Using UML to Define XML Document Types.
Can a Team Tag Consistently? Experiences on the Orlando Project.
Programming Marked-Up Documents.
Welcome to Markup Languages: Theory &amp; Practice.
Knowledge Structuring for Corporate Memory.
OASIS XSLT/XPath Conformance Testing.
Regular Expression for Dates.
News You Can Reuse: Content Repurposing at The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition.
Beyond Schemas: Schema Adjuncts and the Outside World.
A Formal Semantics of Patterns in XSLT and XPath.
The many faces of XSLT.
SGML &amp; XML Content Models.
How to maintain a family of DTDs and keep them related using switchboard.
The Consultant's Toolkit.
SQUIB: Down With Onions.
An SGML System for the Budget of the European Union.
Topic maps self-control.
The Relationship Between General and Specific DTDs: Criticizing TEI Critical Editions.
Authoring Tool for Web Content Transcoding.
Techniques for Managing Collections of Interrelated Text Modules.
SGML for Electronic Publishing at a Technical Society: Expectation Meets Reality.
UnicodeTM: What is it and how do I use it?
SGML Documents: Where Does Quality Go?
Marked-up Programming: Using XML to Structure Computer Program Source Code.
REX: XML Shallow Parsing with Regular Expressions.
Developing Best-Practice Guidelines for XML/EDI.
SGML: An Historical Perspective.
Managing Web Relationships With Document Structures.
The Consultant's Toolkit, Updated.
Hypertext functionalities with XML.
IBM's TaskGuide: An XML-based System for Creating Wizard-Style Helps.
Path Predicate Calculus: Towards a Logic Formalism for Multimedia XML Query Languages.
SGML: The Next Generation [Forecast #2].
Caterpillars: A Context Specification Technique.
A New Generation of Tools for SGML.
Navigable Topic Maps for Overlaying Multiple Acquired Semantic Classifications.
More Than One DTD.
Markup's Current Imbalance.
SGML: The Next Generation [Forecast #1].
The descriptive/procedural distinction is flawed.
An XML Messaging Architecture for Border Management Systems.
Navigating Haystacks and Discovering Needles: Introducing the New Topic Map Standard.
The Problem of Anomalous Data.
Building a better Golem.
Document Structure and Markup in the FRESS Hypertext System.
System Architectures for Structured Document Data.
Using SGML for Linguistic Analysis: The Case of the BNC.
Planning a new type of literary edition: The Thomas Mann Project.
Numerical solution of linear fuzzy Volterra integro-differential equations by variational iteration method.
An Object-Oriented Framework for Knowledge Representation Based on Fuzzy Sets.
Daily streamflow prediction by ANFIS modeling: Application to Lower Zamanti Karst Basin, Turkey.
Developing a model for integrating decisions in technology roadmapping by fuzzy PROMETHEE.
The novel models for interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy multiple attribute decision making with correlative weight information.
Uncertain dynamic responses of fuzzy fractionally damped spring-mass system.
Information structuring in natural language communication: Syntactical approach.
Hermite and piecewise cubic Hermite interpolation of fuzzy data.
Generalized intelligent Water Drops algorithm by fuzzy local search and intersection operators on partitioning graph for path planning problem.
Study on algorithm and application to radical input method and standardization of Nvshu.
A method for temporal knowledge integration using indeterminate valid time.
Approximation reasoning models based on random variables sequence.
An improved semi-supervised learning method for software defect prediction.
A novel descriptor redundancy approach for non-quadratic robust H<sub>&#8734;</sub> control of T-S fuzzy nonlinear singularly perturbed systems.
Encoding of Production Rules in a Connectionist Network.
Type-2 fuzzy image enhancement: Fuzzy rule based approach.
SPARQL queries on RDF with fuzzy constraints and preferences.
On <i>N</i>{\mathcal N}-hypergraphs.
Optimal voltage control and loss reduction in microgrid by active and reactive power generation.
Mamdani fuzzy networks with feedforward rule bases for complex systems modelling.
An algorithm for computing certain metrics in intuitionistic fuzzy graphs.
An intelligent neuro fuzzy temporal knowledge representation model for mining temporal patterns.
Speech recognition using variable-length frame overlaps by intelligent fuzzy control.
Aubin core and bargaining set for almost-convex fuzzy cooperative games.
Multi-criteria decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy PROMETHEE.
An enhanced fuzzy time series forecasting method based on artificial bee colony.
Mathematical programming methodology for multiattribute decision making using interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy grade of a class of non-complete 1-hypergroups.
Automatic idiopathic scoliosis screening using low-cost commodity sensors.
An adaptive fuzzy system for the control of the vergence angle on a robotic head.
Research on the supplier selection model of closed-loop logistics systems with hesitant fuzzy information<sup>1</sup>.
On the justification to use a novel simplified interval type-2 fuzzy logic system.
Motion Frame Analysis and Scene Abstraction: Discrimination Ability of Fuzziness Measures.
Enhancement of Transient Stability of Power Systems by Using Fuzzy Controller.
Fuzzy modeling and control of a nonlinear magnetic bearing system.
Three-way decisions based on covering rough set.
States on hyper MV-algebras.
A sufficient condition on a general class of interval type-2 Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy systems with linear rule consequent as universal approximators.
Isomorphic continuous connectives in fuzzy logic.
Certain summability methods in intuitionistic fuzzy normed spaces.
Toward the Development of an Expert System for Erecting Concrete Bridges (Experect).
Classification of gene expression data using fuzzy logic.
Pattern Recognition of Spastic Motion.
Sugeno based robust adaptive fuzzy sliding mode controller for SISO nonlinear systems.
Soft int-rings and its algebraic applications.
An extension of rough fuzzy set.
Affine parameter-dependent TS fuzzy controller with application to aircraft roll control.
A fixed point approach to the stability of a septic functional equation in fuzzy quasi-&#946;-normed spaces.
Improved short-term load forecasting based on EEMD, Guassian disturbance firefly algorithm and support vector machine.
Cluster based secure authentication technique using ant colony optimization in wireless sensor networks.
Hydraulic Servocylinder Position Control Using a Hybrid Neurofuzzy Controller.
Optimization study with ligand-design interval rules.
Considering uncertainty in the fuel cell and capacitor allocation problem using a novel self adaptive modification approach.
A hybrid decision tree classifier.
Research on the innovation ability evaluation of traditional enterprise's business model for internet transition with hesitant fuzzy information.
An introduction to nonlinear analysis of fuzzy control systems.
A new dissimilarity measure between intuitionistic fuzzy sets and its application in multiple attribute decision making<sup>1</sup>.
Rough soft lattices and generalized fuzzy soft lattices.
Delay range dependent fuzzy control design for nonlinear neutral systems with time varying delays.
Enriched (L, M)-fuzzy convergence spaces.
Evaluation of scientific publications with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic and semantic information.
Complex vague soft sets and its distance measures.
Balancing fuzzy multi-objective two-sided assembly lines via Bees Algorithm.
A forward selection based fuzzy regression for new product development that correlates engineering characteristics with consumer preferences.
Network reliability evaluation for fuzzy components: An interval programming approach.
Parameterized intuitionistic fuzzy trapezoidal operators and their application to multiple attribute group decision making.
Falling fuzzy (implicative) filters of R<sub>0</sub>-algebras and its applications.
Induced interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy Hamacher ordered weighted geometric operator and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Constructing and mining a semantic-based academic social network.
Probabilistic scheduling of smart electric grids considering plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
Design an intelligent proportional-derivative (PD) feedback linearization control for nonholonomic-wheeled mobile robot.
Nonstationary signal pattern recognition using fast time-time filtering and decision tree.
A new method for measuring fuzziness of vague set (or intuitionistic fuzzy set).
Guest Editorial.
A time-cost trade-off model by incorporating fuzzy earned value management: A statistical based approach.
Similarity measures for intuitionistic fuzzy sets: State of the art.
One-axiom characterizations on lattice-valued closure (interior) operators.
A new fuzzy criterion-referenced assessment with a fuzzy rule selection technique and a monotonicity-preserving similarity reasoning scheme.
Particle swarm optimization tuned fuzzy terminal sliding mode control for UPS inverters.
The orders of intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Interval type-2 fuzzy reasoning model of rehabilitation training for stroke.
Fuzzy mathematical programming approaches for reverse supply chain optimization with disassembly line balancing problem.
Visualization and quantitative research on intuitionistic fuzzy studies.
Power system damping control through fuzzy static VAR compensator design including crisp optimum theory.
Defuzzification in Fuzzy Controllers.
Stability in p-th moment for uncertain differential equation.
Swarm optimization tuned fuzzy sliding mode control design for a class of nonlinear systems in presence of uncertainties.
A genetic fuzzy based modeling of effective thermal conductivity for polymer composites.
An intelligent approach for optimal capacitor placement problem as a reliability reinforcement strategy.
Bounded variation of sequences of fuzzy numbers by using generalized weighted mean.
Fuzzy multicriteria decision making-an overview.
On soft semihypergroups.
Handling of inconsistent rules with an extended model of fuzzy reasoning.
Homotopy analysis method for systems of integro-differential equations.
An improved approach for solving fuzzy transportation problem with triangular fuzzy numbers.
Topologies for combining the internet of things and serious games.
Auto-focus control of a CMOS image sensing module.
On definition and construction of association measures.
Generalized selection theorems for fuzzy mappings and their applications.
Fuzzy soft graphs with applications.
Reliability analysis of a random fuzzy repairable parallel system with two non-identical components.
Generalized arithmetic operations in interval-valued fuzzy set theory.
Diagnosis of multiple open switch faults in three phase voltage source inverter.
Attitude synchronous tracking control of double shaking tables based on hybrid fuzzy logic cross-coupled controller and adaptive inverse controller.
A study of a two phases medium in pipe vessel using gaussian filter method and k-NN classifier.
Soft sets over a common topological universe.
A new approach for determining fuzzy chromatic number of fuzzy graph.
Choreographing agent encounters in the Semantic Web using rules.
Rule based fuzzy classification using squashing functions.
A matching value for cooperative games.
Monitoring and suppression of vibration in precision machines.
New operational laws and aggregation method of intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Practical stability of fuzzy differential equations with the second type of Hukuhara derivative.
Adaptive tuning of fuzzy membership functions for non-linear optimization using gradient descent method.
Some new fixed point theorems in fuzzy metric spaces.
Quick online spam classification method based on active and incremental learning.
Some results of convex fuzzy sublattices.
An improved BK sub-triangle product approach for scene classification.
Supplier selection in supply chain management by using fuzzy multiple-attribute decision-making method.
An intelligent approach based on GSO for optimal management of renewable-based MGs.
Hybrid multi-granulation rough sets of variable precision based on tolerance.
Method for determining natural design principles of biological control circuits.
Fuzzy regression analysis: An application on tensile strength of materials and hardness scales.
The stability of multifactor uncertain differential equation.
Improving the performance of machine learning algorithms using fuzzy-based features for medical x-ray image classification.
Soft finite state machine.
Two Atanassov intuitionistic fuzzy weighted aggregation operators based on a novel weighted method and their application.
Distance and similarity measures between uncertain variables.
Interval-valued statistics, fuzzy logic, and their use in computational semantics.
Approaches to multiple attribute group decision making problems with interval grey uncertain linguistic variables.
A new dynamic programming approach for finding the shortest path length and the corresponding shortest path in a discrete fuzzy network.
Fuzzy congruence of hypergroups.
Roughness in m-semilattices<sup>1</sup>.
An MCDA-DEA approach for mixed-model assembly line balancing problem under uncertainty.
Classification of driver fatigue expressions by combined curvelet features and gabor features, and random subspace ensembles of support vector machines.
Imputation of incomplete data using adaptive ellipsoids with linear regression.
A fuzzy rule-based algorithm to improve the performance of statistical process control in quality systems.
Generalized rough multiset via multiset ideals.
Construction and applications of a modified Fuzzy Relational Model.
Supply chain network modeling in a golf club industry via fuzzy linear programming approach.
Car license plate recognition based on EKE-poisson transform.
The 8th Ibero-American Conference on Artificial Intelligence (IBERAMIA'02).
An Intelligent Architecture for ATM Traffic Congestion Control.
A VLSI convolutional neural network for image recognition using merged/mixed analog-digital architecture.
New type of generalized difference sequence of fuzyy numbers involving lacunary sequences.
Clustering analysis in the evaluation of securities investment funds.
Implementing Adaptive Fuzzy Logic Controllers with Neural Networks: A Design Paradigm.
Fuzzy CMAC Neural Networks.
An improved hash-based RFID two-way security authentication protocol and application in remote education.
On some properties of grounding uniform sets of modal conjunctions.
Rule base simplification in fuzzy systems by aggregation of inconsistent rules.
Sequential optimization and possibility assessment, a new efficient method for reliable optimal design.
Development of a rule selection mechanism by using neuro-fuzzy methodology for structural vibration suppression.
Consensus models based on distance for interval fuzzy and multiplicative preference relations.
Applications of a new soft set to h-hemiregular hemirings via (M, N)-SI-h-ideals.
Building maps for mobile robot navigation using fuzzy classification of ultrasonic range data.
Atom stabilization algorithm and its real life applications.
An approach to optimal allocation of SVC in power systems connected to DFIG wind farms based on maximization of voltage stability and system loadability.
A functional-link-neural network for short-term electric load forecasting.
A particular simplex algorithm to solve fuzzy lexicographic multi-objective linear programming problems and their sensitivity analysis on the priority of the fuzzy objective functions.
Solving fully fuzzy linear programming problems with flexible constraints based on a new order relation.
Mining recent high average utility patterns based on sliding window from stream data.
A heuristic fuzzy decision-based solving of redispatching problem for congestion management in restructured power systems.
Stator resistance estimation scheme using fuzzy logic system for direct torque controlled induction motor drive.
An evaluation index system for prediction of technology commercialization of investment projects.
Study on division and subtraction operations for hesitant fuzzy sets, interval-valued hesitant fuzzy sets and typical dual hesitant fuzzy sets.
Prediction of tar and particulate in biomass gasification using adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system.
Variable universe fuzzy control for excitation system of HTS machine.
Special intuitionistic fuzzy subhypergroups of complete hypergroups.
Fuzzy cellular learning automata for lesion detection in retina images.
Optimal robust decentralized control design for fuzzy complex systems.
Perfect L-fuzzy topogenous space, L-fuzzy quasi-proximities and L-fuzzy quasi-uniform spaces.
Parametric WOWA operator and its application in dynamic decision making.
A novel self-adaptive learning charged system search algorithm for unit commitment problem.
Assignment of tasks to competing nodes when task duration times are fuzzy.
Applying approximate linearization to the design of stable fuzzy controllers.
An extended minimax absolute and relative disparity approach to obtain the OWA operator weights.
A novel diagnostic scheme for the classification of pistons.
A note on some filters in residuated lattices.
Object Identification When Imprecise Information is Available from Multiple Sources of Unequal Reliability.
Solving 0 - 1 knapsack problem by artificial chemical reaction optimization algorithm with a greedy strategy.
Some prioritized aggregating operators with linguistic information and their application to multiple attribute group decision making.
Representations of typical hesitant fuzzy rough sets.
Fuzzy inference method for material loss and cost estimation under uncertainty: A case study of wooden product manufacturing.
Long-term load forecasting based on gravitational search algorithm.
Automatic braking system using fuzzy logic.
L-fuzzy N-convergence structures.
A new GDM based AHP framework with linguistic interval fuzzy preference relations for renewable energy planning.
Double inverted pendulum decoupling control by adaptive terminal sliding-mode recurrent fuzzy neural network.
A novel approach for ranking in interval-valued information systems.
Nature-inspired relay node placement heuristics for wireless sensor networks.
Investigation on the evolution of a robotic controller for autonomous vehicle navigation.
Policy Selection Based on a Markov Model with Fuzzy Transition Probabilities.
An interactive consensus reaching model for decision making under hesitation linguistic environment.
Fuzzy Logic Joint Path Generation for Kinematic Redundant Manipulators with Multiple Criteria.
Comparing ranking methods: Complete RCI preference and multiplicative preference relations.
Information aggregation operators based on hesitant fuzzy sets and prioritization relationship.
On minimal realization for a fuzzy language and Brzozowski's algorithm.
A hierarchical model to learn object proposals and its applications.
Study of fuzzy association rules and cross-selling toward property insurance customers based on FARMA.
Automotive volume control using fuzzy logic.
Optimization of a self-tuning PID type fuzzy controller and a PID controller for an inverted pendulum.
An efficient algorithm for Volt/Var control at distribution systems including DER.
Multi-level linear programming subject to addition-min fuzzy relation inequalities with application in Peer-to-Peer file sharing system.
Hyperfilters and fuzzy hyperfilters of ordered semihypergroups.
The use of fuzzy expansion method for solving fuzzy linear Volterra-Fredholm integral equations.
Multiple nonlinear integral for classification.
Aggregating Fuzzy Sets Represented by Belief Structures.
The quasi-arithmetic triangular fuzzy OWA operator based on Dempster-Shafer theory.
Vehicle selection for public transportation using an integrated multi criteria decision making approach: A case of Ankara.
Adaptive Fuzzy-PI control of redundant humanoid arm using full-body balance.
A novel construction of substitution box with Zaslavskii chaotic map and symmetric group.
A novel framework of complex valued fuzzy metric spaces and fixed point theorems<sup>1</sup>.
Use of MaSE methodology for designing a swarm-based multi-agent system.
Three-way decisions based on type-2 fuzzy sets and interval-valued type-2 fuzzy sets.
State estimation in smart distribution grids considering renewable energy sources.
A hybrid artificial-based model for accurate short term electric load prediction.
Knowledge engineering in an intelligent environment.
Adaptive modelling of student diagnosis and material selection for on-line language learning.
A non-linear programming-based similarity reasoning scheme for modelling of monotonicity-preserving multi-input fuzzy inference systems.
Regularization through fuzzy discrete SVM with applications to customer ranking.
Some ILOWA operators and their applications to group decision making with additive linguistic preference relations.
Mining multiplex power-law distributions and retweeting patterns on twitter<sup>1</sup>.
Soft sensor for ball mill fill level based on uncertainty reasoning of cloud model.
Distribution network reconfiguration based on parallel genetic membrane computing.
A novel fuzzy-logic based control strategy for a semi-active battery/super-capacitor hybrid energy storage system in vehicular applications.
A located and user personalized event's dissemination platform.
Higher order fuzzy system identification using subtractive clustering.
Operations on hesitant fuzzy sets: Some new results.
A method of ranking interval numbers based on degrees for multiple attribute decision making.
Select actionable positive or negative sequential patterns.
Adaptive Equalizer Using Self-Generating Radial Basis Function Network.
Ranking of intuitionistic fuzzy numbers by new distance measure.
Ranking alternative strategies by SWOT analysis in the framework of the axiomatic fuzzy set theory and the ER approach.
A new approach for the cellular manufacturing problem in fuzzy dynamic conditions by a genetic algorithm.
Fuzzy determination of informative frequency band for bearing fault detection.
&#955;-ideal convergence in intuitionistic fuzzy 2-normed linear space.
LMI-based fuzzy controller design with minimum upper bound input energy and state variance constraints for discrete fuzzy stochastic systems.
Enhancing Nash Q-learning and Team Q-learning mechanisms by using bottlenecks.
Assessment of ANFIS networks on wavelet packet levels in generating artificial accelerograms.
Estimating Operational Profile in Software Reliability: Fuzzy Approach.
Fuzzy &#915;-hyperrings and fuzzy &#915;-hypermodules.
Short-Term Prediction of Chaotic Time Series by Local Fuzzy Reconstruction Method.
The method for generating 3D audio content.
A new hybrid method to forecast wind turbine output power in power systems.
Enhanced fuzzy partitions vs data randomness in FCM.
An Environmental Adaption Method with real parameter encoding for dynamic environment.
Induced generalized Choquet aggregating operators with linguistic information and their application to multiple attribute decision making based on the intelligent computing.
Stabilizer theory in MV-algebras.
Special section on computational collective intelligence.
Adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference-based modeling of a full-scale expanded granular sludge bed reactor treating corn processing wastewater.
Why Lattice-valued fuzzy values? A mathematical justification.
Emergency management training: Handling rich qualitative and quantitative data.
The generalized version of Jun's cubic sets in semigroups.
On analytic functions of complex Liu process.
Engineering geological environment comprehensive evaluation with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Efficient kernel induced fuzzy c-means based on Gaussian function for imagedata analyzing.
Calcium does not change memory in single calcium-activated potassium channel kinetics.
On solving maximum and quickest interval-valued flows over time.
Study on the quality of private university education based on analytic hierarchy process and fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method<sup>1</sup>.
Domain quality-driven logistics web service optimal composition based on culture artificial bee colony algorithm.
Web intelligence for tourism using railway data by a simplified fuzzy reasoning method.
A new hybrid CPSO-TLBO optimization algorithm for distribution network reconfiguration.
Approaches to multiple attribute decision making with hesitant interval-valued fuzzy information under correlative environment.
Forensic artifacts modeling for social media client applications to enhance investigatory learning mechanisms.
Hybrid-genetic algorithms for flexible ligand docking.
A new gravitational search optimization algorithm to solve single and multiobjective optimization problems.
Generalized rough approximations in &#915;-semihypergroups.
Homogeneous multi-classifier system for moving vehicles noise classification based on multilayer perceptron.
Modulated adaptive fuzzy controller for position control of SMA wire actuator.
Removing ocular artifacts from mixed EEG signals with FastKICA and DWT.
Adaptive robust fuzzy-based dynamic controller design for wheeled mobile robot.
Editorial.
A note on "separation axioms in fuzzy bitopological spaces".
Using feed-forward neural network for complex static balance signal characterization with chaotic features.
Control mode switching strategy for ACC based on intuitionistic fuzzy set multi-attribute decision making method.
Co-evolutionary learning of neural networks.
Surface roughness prediction model using adaptive particle swarm optimization (APSO) algorithm.
Generalized fuzzy c-means algorithms.
A novel model for enterprise technological innovation capability evaluation with 2-tuple linguistic information.
Evolutionary neural networks for practical applications.
VLSI implementation of a real time fuzzy processor.
Probabilistic equilibrium solution of soft games.
Ranking units in Data Envelopment Analysis with fuzzy data.
Short term load forecasting using fuzzy neural network modified by the similarity and subsethood measures.
Lacunary difference ideal convergent sequence spaces of fuzzy numbers.
Models for comprehensive evaluating modeling of investment project risk with trapezoid fuzzy linguistic information.
A multi-granularity fuzzy computing model for sentiment classification of Chinese reviews.
An algorithm for optimizing membership functions of fuzzy inference systems based on fuzzy associative memory.
Klir and Yuan's Fuzzy Sets and Fuzzy Logic.
Uncertainty measures in multigranulation with different grades rough set based on dominance relation<sup>1</sup>.
Fuzzy fractional differential equations under generalized fuzzy Caputo derivative.
A fuzzy-logic control based probabilistic broadcasting technique for mobile ad hoc networks.
Stability analysis of discrete-time fuzzy positive systems with time delays.
Hybrid neural systems for large scale credit risk assessment applications.
Mobile base stations location problem to fortification against natural disasters: A fuzzy approach.
A practical approach for accurate positioning with L1 GPS receivers using neural networks.
A vision-based fuzzy logic controller for backing-up an autonomous vehicle.
On the use of fuzzy logic and learning automata optimization to resolve the Liar and related paradoxes.
Retaining Structure Selection with Unequal Fuzzy Project-Level Objectives.
(Fuzzy) hyperlattices and fuzzy preordered lattices.
A time-varying general type-II fuzzy sliding mode controller for a class of nonlinear power systems.
Approaches to multiple attribute decision making based on the correlation coefficient with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Optimum fuzzy sliding mode semi-active control of structures subjected to earthquakes.
The pair-wise LSB matching steganography with a discrete quantum behaved Gravitational Search Algorithm.
Effect of plug-in electric vehicles demand on the renewable micro-grids.
Fuzzy Processing of Image Data Using FIRE Filters.
Unicode-based method for text steganography with malayalam text.
On similarity and entropy of neutrosophic sets.
A new view of fuzzy hyperquasigroups.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy prioritized hybrid weighted aggregation operator and its application in decision making.
An approach to intuitionistic fuzzy multiple attribute decision making based on Maclaurin symmetric mean operators.
Inferring popular locations in urban for professional education.
Intelligent control of miniature holonomic vertical take-off and landing robot.
Structural behaviour of deep beam using S.C.C. with chopped strands and polypropylene fibre.
Intelligent transportation system contributions to the operating efficiency of Urban traffic.
Identification and risk assessment of soldering failure sources using a hybrid failure mode and effect analysis model and a fuzzy inference system.
Some interval-valued hesitant fuzzy aggregation operators based on Archimedean t-norm and t-conorm with their application in multi-criteria decision making.
Neural-based control and stability analysis of a class of nonlinear systems: Base-excited inverted pendulums.
Eliminating Spurious Memories in a Network of Chaotic Elements.
Fuzzy control of a real time inverted pendulum system.
Fuzzy logic and Wireless Sensor Networks - A survey.
On fuzzy I-convergent difference sequence spaces.
Robust fuzzy clustering techniques for analyzing complicated colon cancer database.
Iterative algorithm and curve fitting technique for tuning with time delay system PID controller.
Modeling layer thickness of duplex ceramic (chromium carbonitride) coating on cold work tool steel using fuzzy logic.
Modeling dynamic engineering processes using radial-Gaussian neural networks.
Fuzzy CDS scheduling for flow shops with more than two machines.
Applying brain emotional learning algorithm for multivariable control of HVAC systems.
A version of the NGE model suitable for fuzzy domains.
A novel fuzzy control algorithm for three-dimensional AUV path planning based on sonar model.
Fuzzy multicriteria decision-making method based on a family of novel measured functions under vague environment.
Genetic programming of fuzzy aggregation operations.
An extended TODIM method for multiple attribute group decision making based on intuitionistic uncertain linguistic variables.
Relations and homomorphisms of fuzzy hyper BE-subalgebras.
Investigation of fuzzy control based LCL resonant converter in RTOS environment.
Intrusion detection and prevention of web service attacks for software as a service: Fuzzy association rules vs fuzzy associative patterns.
Multi Q-fuzzy parameterized soft set and its application.
Representation and reasoning of fuzzy ER models with description logic DLR.
A possibility-based method for ranking fuzzy numbers and applications to decision making.
I-topologies generated by probabilistic norms1.
Elastic Fuzzy Logic: A Better Fit to Neurocontrol and True Intelligence.
Logical Connectives Via Probabilistic Extensions.
Stabilization of multi-machine power system with facts equipment applying fuzzy control.
An Adaptive Central Force Optimization (ACFO) and Feed Forward Back Propagation Neural Network (FFBNN) based iris recognition system.
An adaptive feature extraction method in BCI-based rehabilitation.
M-fuzzifying submodular functions.
PD control of inverted pendulum based on adaptive fuzzy compensation.
On the Riesz mean of sequences of fuzzy real numbers.
Combining neural networks, fuzzy sets, and the evidence theory based techniques for detecting colour specks.
Novel set-theoretic definitions of common fuzzy hedges, theory and application.
Marco Somalvico memorial issue.
Pricing decisions for complementary products with firm's different market powers in fuzzy environments.
Intelligent beamforming by using a complex-valued neural network.
Non-linear flux linkage modeling of switched reluctance machine using MVNLR and ANFIS.
Fully fuzzified linear programming, solution and duality.
Applicants' selection applying a fuzzy multicriteria CBR methodology.
Planning Merchandise Investments Using Fuzzy Optimization.
Coupled fixed point results for multivalued mappings in Hausdorff fuzzy metric space.
On-line modeling via fuzzy support vector machines and neural networks.
Active noise control system via multi-agent credit assignment.
Some geometric Choquet aggregation operators using Einstein operations under intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
VIKOR method using interval type two fuzzy sets.
Dynamic risk assessment of metro station with interval type-2 fuzzy set and TOPSIS method.
Construction of an ontology for intelligent Arabic QA systems leveraging the Conceptual Graphs representation.
Integration of scanning and image processing algorithms for lane detection based on fuzzy method.
An efficient fuzzy based technique for signal classification.
An improved Wang-Mendel method based on the FSFDP clustering algorithm and sample correlation.
On-line event and topic detection by using the compact sets clustering algorithm.
Fuzzy support vector regression model for forecasting stock market volatility.
L-fuzzy topogenous orders and L-fuzzy topologies.
A new stochastic framework for optimal generation scheduling considering wind power sources.
Group intelligence-based decision making and its applications to traditional chinese medical dysphagia rehabilitation treatment.
Interval valued intuitionistic fuzzy parameterized soft set theory and its decision making.
Intelligent integration strategies of wind farms in a super grid.
Nonlinear discrete time optimal control based on Fuzzy Models.
A note on fuzzy Hilbert spaces.
Fuzzy assignment of customers for a parallel queueing system with two heterogeneous servers.
Fuzzy Control Architectures.
Using imperialist competition algorithm for independent task scheduling in grid computing.
Lattice-valued interval soft sets - A general frame of many soft set models.
A fuzzy based memetic algorithm for tuning fuzzy wavelet neural network parameters.
Genetic algorithms for determining fuzzy measures from data.
Special issue dedicated to the 60th birthday of Etienne E. Kerre.
A fuzzy based load frequency control for distribution network connected with mini hydro power plant.
MCFC: A Fuzzy Neural Network Model for Speech Recognition.
Optimal tuning of PID controller with time delay system using CS and SRMR technique.
Editorial.
On some summability methods using ideals and fuzzy numbers.
Applications of soft union sets to hemirings via SU-h-ideals.
Hesitant 2-tuple linguistic information in multiple attributes group decision making.
Experiments with artificial haptic perception in a robotic hand.
A new hybrid fuzzy-statistical membership function based on fuzzy estimators.
Induced interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy Einstein ordered weighted geometric operator and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Recurrent fuzzy neural network adaptive hybrid control for linearized multivariable systems.
An approach to neutrosophic subgroup and its fundamental properties.
Solving the pole balancing problem by means of assembler encoding.
Dynamic grey target decision making method with grey numbers based on existing state and future development trend of alternatives.
On lifting quasi-filters and strong lifting quasi-filters in MV-algebras.
Two new time-variant methods for fuzzy time series forecasting.
A fuzzy milp-model for the optimization of vehicle routing problem.
Comparison Study of Adaptive Controllers for Robot Manipulators.
System identification using hierarchical fuzzy neural networks with stable learning algorithm.
Robust hybrid architecture to signals from manufacturing and machine monitoring sensors.
Entry temperature prediction of a hot strip mill by a hybrid learning type-2 FLS.
A credit rating model of microfinance based on fuzzy cluster analysis and fuzzy pattern recognition: Empirical evidence from Chinese 2, 157 small private businesses.
Erratum.
On fuzzy soft topogenous structure.
Performance evaluation of port supply chain based on fuzzy-matter-element analysis.
An intuitionsitic fuzzy judgement matrix and TOPSIS integrated multi-criteria decision making method for green supplier selection.
The correlation analysis of mine roof water inrush grade and influence factors based on Fuzzy Matter-Element.
A multi-risks group evaluation method for the informatization project under linguistic environment.
A Fuzzy Simulated Annealing approach for project time-cost tradeoff.
Refrigerator temperature control with soft computing.
Robust adaptive control of flexible link manipulators using multilayer perceptron.
A genetic algorithm environment for star pattern recognition.
Optimal path planning for mobile robot using Intelligent Water Drops algorithm.
Sensitivity analysis of fuzzy-genetic approach applied to cabled-truss design.
Intuitionistic fuzzy linguistic soft sets and their application in multi-attribute decision-making.
Optimal machine tools selection using quality function deployment and fuzzy multiple objective decision making approach.
Probabilistic interactive fuzzy satisfying generation and transmission expansion planning using fuzzy adaptive chaotic binary PSO algorithm.
Application of approximate reasoning to hypothesis verification.
Neural identification and control for linear induction motors.
Fuzzy &#915;-hypergroups.
A short-delay video stabilizer using an adptive fuzzy non-causal filter.
A hybrid intelligent approach for modeling nonlinear complex data: A case study, prediction, Southwest Iran.
A multi-objective evolutionary approach for fuzzy optimization in production planning.
A fuzzy random EPQ model with fuzzy defective rates and fuzzy inspection errors.
A multi-agent solution for reduction of bullwhip effect in fuzzy supply chains.
Using confidence and informativeness criteria to improve POS-tagging in amazigh.
Improving adaptive fuzzy control performance by speeding up identification: Application to an electric furnace.
A fuzzy cognitive mapping analysis of the impacts of an eco-industrial park.
Complexity management methodology for fuzzy systems with feedback rule bases.
First-order logic system IMTL<sub>Q</sub><sup>*</sup> and triple I method in fuzzy reasoning with linguistic quantifiers.
Dual hesitant fuzzy aggregation operators in multiple attribute decision making.
Estimation of failure probability of milk manufacturing unit by fuzzy fault tree analysis.
Deriving meaningful rules from gene expression data for classification.
Intelligent Framework for Part Design.
Nodal filters in BL-algebras.
Models for decision making problems with hesitant fuzzy information.
Robust adaptive neuro-fuzzy controller for hybrid position/force control of robot manipulators in contact with unknown environment.
Nonlinear Neurodynamics and Combinatorial Optimization in Chaotic Neural Networks.
Book review: Fuzzy Logic with Engineering Applications.
Practical economic dispatch considering wind turbine uncertainty.
A robust and simple optimal type II fuzzy sliding mode control strategy for a class of nonlinear chaotic systems.
Optimal fuzzy tracking control of uncertain nonlinear systems based on genetic algorithms and fuzzy Lyapunov function.
Three-dimensional audio parametric encoding based on perceptual characteristics of spatial cue<sup>1</sup>.
Fuzzy Reasoning and Fuzzy Petri Nets in Manufacturing Systems Modeling.
A new robust color image watermarking method for multimedia technology enhanced learning protection.
A novel semantic quantitative description method based on possibilistic logic.
Speedily, efficient and adaptive streaming algorithms for real-time detection of flooding attacks.
Optimal manufacturing lot size for a single-stage production system with rework in a fuzzy environment.
Self-organization hybrid evolution learning algorithm for recurrent wavelet-based neuro-fuzzy identifier design.
Separation axioms in fuzzy bitopological spaces.
Characterizations of fuzzy soft &#915;-hemirings.
A method based on trust model for large group decision-making with incomplete preference information.
Robust stability of fuzzy feedback linearization control system for Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model.
Hybrid optimization of cabled-trusses: Benchmarks for mechanical engineering.
On the converse of Fuzzy Lagrange's Theorem.
Applications of soft union sets in ordered semigroups via uni-soft quasi-ideals.
A fuzzy constraint satisfaction problem in the wine industry.
Solving intuitionistic fuzzy linear programming problems by ranking function.
Finding solutions of fuzzy polynomial equations systems by an Algebraic method.
A fuzzy rule induction algorithm for discovering classification rules.
States on EQ-algebras.
Robust adaptive fuzzy control design for nearspace vehicle.
A fuzzy reasoning knowledge-based system for assessing rain impact in highway construction scheduling: Part 2. Development and validation of the system.
Assessment of an adaptive neuro fuzzy inference system for islanding detection in distributed generation.
A complete ranking of incomplete trapezoidal information.
A novel image thresholding method based on membrane computing and fuzzy entropy.
Non linear support vector machine based partial discharge patterns recognition using fractal features.
Design optimization traffic light timing using the fuzzy logic at a Diphasic's Isolated intersection.
Deriving consistent pairwise comparison matrices in decision making methodologies based on linear programming method.
A framework for ontology integration based on genetic algorithm.
A knowledge processing middleware framework and its relation to the JDL data fusion model.
On solving fuzzy Linear programming problems: A revisit to zimmermann's approach.
Dual hesitant fuzzy multi-criteria decision making and its application to teaching quality assessment.
Upper M-approximate operators and M-closed sets<sup>1</sup>.
Visual object tracking by an evolutionary self-organizing neural network.
Study on the security of information system authentication scheme based on the fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Speed control of ultrasonic motors using fuzzy neural network.
Extensional L-fuzzy Q-convergence structures.
Optimal fuel core loading pattern design in PWR nuclear power reactors using genetic algorithms and fuzzy nonlinear programming.
A Variable Step Size LMS Algorithm Using Fuzzy Logic.
Research on the investment performance evaluation of corporate venture capital with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Adaptive fuzzy backstepping sliding mode control for MEMS gyroscope.
Solving nonlinear programming problems based on the Choquet integral by a genetic algorithm.
Restrictions imposed by the fuzzy extension of relations and functions.
Design and robustness enhancement of sectorial fuzzy controller via evolutionary algorithm.
Degree of continuity for mappings of (L, M)-fuzzy topological spaces.
Intuitionistic multiplicative aggregation operators with their application in group decision making.
A method for generating membership function from numerical data.
HFAGC based on MOPSO technique: Optimal design, comparison, verification.
A fuzzy supply chain contract problem with pricing and warranty.
Heuristic edge detection using fuzzy rule-based classifier.
Multimedia, Soft Computing, and Bioinformatics, by Data Mining.
Image segmentation by generalized hierarchical fuzzy C-means algorithm.
An smart stochastic approach to model plug-in hybrid electric vehicles charging effect in the optimal operation of micro-grids.
Resource-constrained project scheduling problem with multiple execution modes and fuzzy/crisp activity durations.
Special Issue: Knowledge-based intelligent systems and their applications.
Hesitant intuitionistic fuzzy linguistic aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
A new similarity measure between interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Route choice on road transport system: A fuzzy approach.
Regularity index of uncertain graph.
Lacunary bounded variation sequence of fuzzy real numbers.
&#956;-Canonical fuzzy measure on (0, 1].
Rough set theory for the incomplete interval valued fuzzy information systems.
Optimizing an unconstrained multi objective model using a utility based fuzzy probabilistic &#945;-cut method.
Turing's analysis of computation and artificial neural networks.
Fuzzy real valued I-convergent double sequences in fuzzy normed spaces.
Design and implementation of a power quality disturbance classifier: An AI approach.
Design of a new filtering for the noise removing in images by fuzzy logic.
Z-Source Inverter Fed Induction Motor Drive control using Particle Swarm Optimization Recurrent Neural Network.
Design and tuning of importance-based fuzzy logic controller for a flexible-link manipulator.
Waste disposal site selection using an analytic hierarchal pairwise comparison and ELECTRE approaches under fuzzy environment.
A classification and regression algorithm based on quantitative association rule tree.
A numerical method for solving uncertain differential equations.
Collaborative ant colony algorithm for online regional bus scheduling.
Relations among implications, coimplications and left (right) semi-uninorms.
Likelihood-based multivariate fuzzy model with linear inequality constraints.
Multiple object tracking using A<sup>*</sup> association algorithm with dynamic weights.
A decision making approach based on bipolar multi-fuzzy soft set theory.
Soft decision making methods based on fuzzy sets and soft sets.
Rule base identification in fuzzy networks by Boolean matrix equations.
Commutators in BCI-algebras.
Structural parameter tuning of the first-order derivative of an adaptive neuro-fuzzy system for chaotic function modeling.
A new teaching-learning-based optimization algorithm for distribution system state estimation.
GA-PSO optimized online ANFIS based speed controller for Brushless DC motor.
Mining weighted erasable patterns by using underestimated constraint-based pruning technique.
A fuzzy description logic F-SHIQ(G).
Inductive Reasoning Supports the Design of Fuzzy Controllers.
Fully fuzzy Sylvester matrix equation.
Decision Making Under Various Types of Uncertainties.
(&#8712;, &#8712; &#8744; q)-intuitionistic fuzzy BCI-subalgebras of a BCI-algebra.
Special issue: ICNC-FSKD 2015.
F<sup>n</sup>-Hypergroups based on fuzzy hyperoperations and fundamental relations.
Optimal PEM-FCPP operation considering detailed model based on artificial intelligence.
Fault prognosis in power transformers using adaptive-network-based fuzzy inference system.
Prediction of cutting force in turning process: An experimental and fuzzy approach.
Unsupervised ACO: Applying FCM as a supervisor for ACO in medical image segmentation.
Entrepreneurial fuzzy group decision-making under complex environments.
Activity recognition in smart homes: from specification to representation.
Deliberative control components for eldercare robot team cooperation.
T-S fuzzy model based adaptive fuzzy current tracking control of three-phase active power filter.
Research on adaptive control strategy optimization of hybrid electric vehicle.
The power distribution network structure optimization based on improved ant colony algorithm.
Stochastic reactive power planning in distribution systems considering wind turbines electric power variations.
A hybrid fuzzy FTA-AHP method for risk decision-making in accident emergency response of work system.
Style-sensitive 3D model retrieval through sketch-based queries.
On upper and lower &#945;-continuous fuzzy multifunctions.
Design of fuzzy logic controllers for optimal performance.
Construction of fuzzy &#175; X - S control charts with an unbiased estimation of standard deviation for a triangular fuzzy random variable.
Fuzzy hyperrings and fundamental relation.
A Tutorial on Fuzzy Rule-Based Expert Systems (FRBES) Models, 2: Models and Computational Techniques.
A hybrid genetic algorithm and fuzzy set applied to multi-mode resource-constrained project scheduling problem.
On fuzzy fully regular ordered <i>AG</i>\mathcal{AG}-groupoids.
A fuzzy reasoning knowledge-based system for assessing rain impact in highway construction scheduling: Part 1. Analytical model.
Engineering Semantic Evaluation of Decision Rules.
Data envelopment analysis cross-efficiency model in fuzzy environments.
ELECTRE method for multiple attributes decision making problem with hesitant fuzzy information.
A neural fuzzy power system stabilizer based on f-level sets.
Intuitionistic fuzzy soft set theory and its decision making.
Analysis on passivity and passification of T-S fuzzy systems with time-varying delays.
Smart automated distribution system considering plug-in hybrid electric vehicle.
An improved algorithm for calculating fuzzy attribute reducts.
A symbiotic genetic algorithm with local-and-global mapping search for reinforcement fuzzy control.
An algebraic method and a genetic algorithm to the identification of fuzzy measures based on Choquet integrals.
Isolated Korean Words Recognition Using Partially Connected Neural Networks and a Contextual Net.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy decision making with probabilistic information and distance measure.
A VLSI implementation of an SM4 algorithm resistant to power analysis.
Model for evaluating the rural landscape design schemes with fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Product life cycle based demand forecasting by using artificial bee colony algorithm optimized two-stage polynomial fitting.
Model and algorithm for resolving regional bus scheduling problems with fuzzy travel times.
An iterative Gauss-Newton method to solve an algebraic fuzzy equation with crisp coefficients.
Competitive and cooperative adaptive reasoning with fuzzy causal knowledge.
Improved environmental adaption method and its application in test case generation.
Model for evaluating the virtual enterprise's risk with 2-tuple linguistic information.
Algebraic structures related to nilpotent minimum algebras and rough sets<sup>1</sup>.
Learning Fuzzy Set Neural Networks by Genetic Algorithms.
Traversability based obstacle avoidance path-planning and path-following control for lunar rover.
Improving neural networks generalization with new constructive and pruning methods.
Bivariate fully fuzzy interpolation problem using artificial neural networks approach.
Residual strength prediction of artificially damaged composite laminates based on neural networks.
Aircraft selection using fuzzy ANP and the generalized choquet integral method: The Turkish airlines case.
Some types of generalized fuzzy filters of MTL-algebras.
Using fuzzy logic and GIS tools for seismic vulnerability of old fabric in Iranian cities (Case study: Zanjan city).
Types of fuzzy ideals in fuzzy lattices.
Series solution of fuzzy wave-like equations with variable coefficients.
Lacunary statistical convergence of sequences of functions in intuitionistic fuzzy normed space.
A risk assessment method based on RBF artificial neural network - cloud model for urban water hazard.
An Improved AHP Method for Multi-Objective Design of FSPM Machine for Wind Farm Applications.
Re-usable knowledge: Development of an object oriented industrial KBS and a collaborative domain ontology.
Krull dimension in BL-algebra.
A conflict analysis framework considering fuzzy preferences.
A multilinear extension of a class of fuzzy bi-cooperative games.
Preknowledge-based generalized association rules mining.
Evaluation of three-dimensional computer visual materials to support user's participation in architectural design process.
Neuro-fuzzy techniques to model pharmacodynamic interactions between anesthetic drugs on the bispectral index: A preliminary study.
An intelligent framework to solve the non-convex economic dispatch problem with practical limitations.
Intelligent traffic signal controller based on type-2 fuzzy logic and NSGAII.
Validation of methods for ranking fuzzy numbers in decision making.
Implementing deviation degree of two closed intervals to decode fully fuzzy multiobjective linear programming problem.
Trend analysis of land surface temperatures using time series segmentation algorithm.
Entropy measures for linguistic information and its application to decision making.
A new sufficent method based on levy-social spider technique for optimal economic dispatch of thermal power unit.
A new approach for deriving fuzzy global priorities in fuzzy analytic network process.
Automatic keyphrase extraction for Arabic news documents based on KEA system.
Neural network based automatic fingerprint recognition system for overlapped latent images.
A note on fuzzy ordered <i>AG</i>-groupoids.
A new method for two-sided matching decision making of PPP projects based on intuitionistic fuzzy choquet integral.
The study of data fusion for high suspended sediment concentration measuring using the IGA-RBF method.
Application of possibilistic fuzzy regression for technology watch.
A fuzzy waiting time contract for patient's public health care.
Hesitant fuzzy linguistic aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute group decision making.
A new class of fuzzy sequences related to the &#8467;<sub>p</sub> space defined by Orlicz function.
Research on the random multi-attribute decision-making methods with trapezoidal fuzzy probability based on prospect theory.
The consensus of nonlinear multi-agent system with switching topologies and communication failure.
Extending TOPSIS in fuzzy environment by using the nearest weighted interval approximation of fuzzy numbers.
Suppression of inter-area oscillations in a multi-machine power system using a new intelligent controller.
Fuzzy and crisp clustering methods based on the neighborhood concept: A comprehensive review.
Models for hesitant interval-valued fuzzy multiple attribute decision making based on the correlation coefficient with incomplete weight information.
Time-Varying Two-Phase Optimization Neural Network.
T-norm-based limit theorems for fuzzy random variables.
Robust adaptive fuzzy controller for nonlinear system with unknown nonlinearities.
Quaternion neural network with geometrical operators.
A New Fuzzy Neural Network System.
Adaptive synchronization of delayed reaction-diffusion FCNNs via learning control approach.
Robustness of interval-valued universal triple I algorithms<sup>1</sup>.
Characterizations of (fuzzy) bi-hyperideals in ordered semihypergroups.
Possibility mean and variance based method for multi-attribute decision making with triangular intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
On L-fuzzy interior operators and L-fuzzy quasi-uniform spaces.
Dynamic access approach to multiple channels in pervasive wireless multimedia communications for technology enhanced learning.
Fuzzy ANP-based PROMETHEE II approach for evaluation of machine tool alternatives.
Fuzzy optimal control of sit-to-stand movement in a biomechanical model.
Study on FOA_BP remote sepsis diagnosis based on wireless sensor network.
Fixed point theorem for a generalized contractive fuzzy mapping.
Common-decision-vector based multiple source transfer classification learning and its fast implementation.
Artificial intelligence based modeling and optimization of heat affected zone in Nd: YAG laser cutting of duralumin sheet.
Hesitant triangular fuzzy information aggregation in multiple attribute decision making.
Short term electricity forecasting based on user behavior from individual smart meter data.
Autotuning Method of Membership Function in a Fuzzy Learning Controller.
The comparison of significance of fuzzy community partition across optimization methods.
Vertex-coloring of fuzzy graphs: A new approach.
Ant Colony System algorithm solving a Thermal Generator Maintenance Scheduling Problem.
A genetic programming approach to river flow modeling.
Some results of moments of uncertain set.
An intuitionistic fuzzy approach to S-approximation spaces.
Self-education of agents in the Multi-Airport Logistics System: A multiple cases study.
Isolated hand-written digit recognition using a neurofuzzy scheme and multiple classification.
Effect of wind turbine on the economic load dispatch problem considering the wind speed uncertainty.
Task allocation via coalition formation in agent networks.
Disturbance attenuation observer design for fuzzy time-delay system with fault<sup>1</sup>.
A soft computing approach for accurate interpretation of occluded shapes.
Attribute reductions and concept lattices in interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy rough set theory: Construction and properties.
Simplified interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets with intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Poset valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Groups of soft sets.
Model for evaluating the management performance of the sport grounds with interval-valued intuitionistic uncertain linguistic information.
Fuzzy interdiction/fortification location problems on p-median systems.
CMOS implementation of a current-mode fully programmable interval type-2 fuzzifier.
Fuzzy optimal solution of fully fuzzy linear programming problems using ranking function.
Division-based large point set registration using coherent point drift (CPD) with automatic parameter tuning<sup>1</sup>.
Research on the management performance evaluation of the sports sites with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Hierarchical classifier for soft and hard exudates detection of retinal fundus images.
Multiple attribute group decision-making method with completely unknown weights based on similarity measures under single valued neutrosophic environment.
Differential diagnosis of dementia in an argumentation framework.
A fixed point approach to the Ulam stability of fuzzy differential equations under generalized differentiability.
Predicting uncertain behavior of the press unit in a paper mill using PSOBLT technique.
Calculation of the fuzzy importance of attributes based on the correlation coefficient, applied to the quality of hotel services.
Variance constrained fuzzy control for observer-based T-S fuzzy models with minimizing auxiliary performance index.
Enhancement of transient stability of multi-machine power systems by using fuzzy-genetic controller.
Analysis of interval-valued decision formal contexts.
Goal programming approach for solving transportation problem with interval cost.
A twin hyper-sphere multi-class classification support vector machine.
Neutrosophic soft matrices and NSM-decision making.
Foreword.
Lattices of (generalized) fuzzy filters in residuated lattices.
Power electronics converter control based on rule based algorithm.
A fixed charge multi-objective solid transportation problem in random fuzzy environment.
A new ranking method for trapezial fuzzy numbers and its application to fuzzy risk analysis.
New fuzzy bi-clustering technique applied to the voltage stabilization of an electrical network.
Fuzzy theory and technology with applications.
Information interpretation of knowledge granularity.
Fuzzy mixed integer programming model for medium-term planning in a closed-loop supply chain with remanufacturing option.
Blood glucose regulation using a neural network predictor with a fuzzy logic controller.
A group decision making approach in interval-valued intuitionistic hesitant fuzzy environment with confidence levels.
A fully and discriminatorily informed particle swarm optimization with different sharing strategies for superior and inferior information.
Intuitionistic fuzzy heavy aggregating operators and their application to strategic decision making problems.
Normal, maximal and product fuzzy subnexuses of nexuses.
A cell-core-attachment approach for identifying protein complexes in yeast protein-protein interaction network.
Integrating global and local application of random subspace ensemble.
A disaster recovery solution based on heterogeneous storage.
Topological polygroups in the framework of fuzzy sets.
A wide-range operating fuzzy control algorithm via receding horizon optimization.
Fuzzy reliability analysis of integrated network traffic visualization system.
Interpolation strategies in repeated Richardson extrapolation.
Guest Editorial.
Fault diagnosis by fuzzy-statistical reasoning.
Model selection via Genetic Algorithms for RBF networks.
Fuzzy soft set model for mining amino acid associations in peptide sequences of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex (MTBC).
Fault detection in nonlinear systems based on type-2 fuzzy sets and bat optimization algorithm.
Adaptive fuzzy controller with self-tuning fuzzy sliding-mode compensation for position control of an electro-hydraulic displacement-controlled system.
On generalized statistical convergence of order &#946; of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
A new method for sensitivity analysis of fuzzy transportation problems.
Combination of anisotropic diffusion and non-subsampled shearlet transform for image denoising.
Intelligent control for long-term ecological systems.
Resource aware and reliable data reporting algorithm for object tracking in WSNs.
CATS of soft topological spaces.
Consideration effect of uncertainty in the reliability indices of power systems using a scenario-based approach.
Soft computing-based preference selection index method for human resource management.
Constructing conjunctive left (right) semi-uninorms and implications satisfying the neutrality principle.
METAL: A framework for mixture-of-experts task and attention learning.
A new fuzzy network slacks-based DEA model for evaluating performance of supply chains with reverse logistics.
Evolutional concept learning from observations through adaptive feature selection and GA-based feature discovery.
Uniform integrability of fuzzy variable sequences.
Characterizations of three kinds of hemirings by fuzzy soft h-ideals.
The G-nucleolus for fuzzy cooperative games.
Healer reinforcement for smart grid using discrete event models of FLISR in distribution automation.
A new consensus model for group decision making using fuzzy linguistic preference relations with heterogeneous experts.
Extended Adaptive Pixel Pair Matching for data hiding in medical images.
On linear fuzzifications of groupoids with special emphasis on BCK-algebras.
Solving fully fuzzy mathematical programming model of EOQ problem with a direct approach based on fuzzy ranking and PSO.
Note on hesitant fuzzy prioritized weighted operators<sup>1</sup>.
Dynamic resource allocation in OFDM systems using DE and FRBS.
A risk attitudinal ranking approach of triangular intuitionistic fuzzy numbers and their application to MADM problems.
Completion of gradual metric spaces.
Intuitionistic fuzzy induced ordered entropic weighted averaging operator for group decision making.
Towards publishing social network data with graph anonymization.
Study on BIM-based construction project cost and schedule risk early warning.
Methods for multiple attribute decision making with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic information and their application for evaluating the college English teachers' professional development competence.
Prioritized information fusion for fuzzy information retrieval.
Variable differently implicational algorithm of fuzzy inference.
Anisotropic semi-pseudometrics.
An information theoretic approach to generating fuzzy hypercubes for if-then classifiers.
On (L, M)-double fuzzy remote neighborhood systems in (L, M)-DFTML<sup>1</sup>.
On K-modal BL-logics.
Statistical process monitoring based on modified nonnegative matrix factorization.
Model with artificial neural network to predict the relationship between the soil resistivity and dry density of compacted soil.
Inexact steepest descent algorithm for obtaining t-best approximation in a fuzzy normed space.
Statistical summability(C, 1) for sequences of fuzzy real numbers and a Tauberian theorem.
ANFIS based model for power loss estimation of metal oxide surge arrester.
kENFIS: kNN-based evolving neuro-fuzzy inference system for computer worms detection.
Reconstructing time series GRN using a neuro-fuzzy system.
Multi-periods distribution feeder reconfiguration at the presence of distributed generation through economic assessment using a new modified PSO algorithm.
Adaptive weighted guided image filtering for image denoising based on artificial swarm optimization.
Fuzzy adaptation of crossover and mutation rates in genetic algorithms based on population performance.
Component Oriented Modelling and Design of Fuzzy Control Scheme for a Class of Pneumatic Actuators.
E.O.G classification based on fuzzified symbolic representation.
A fuzzy generalized predictive control using affine fuzzy predictors for nonlinear systems.
A trapezoidal type-2 fuzzy MCDM method to identify and evaluate critical success factors for humanitarian relief logistics management.
A greedy randomized adaptive search procedure applied to the clustering problem as an initialization process using K-Means as a local search procedure.
Research on the computer network security evaluation based on the DHFHCG operator with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Designing a multi-echelon supply chain network: A car manufacturer case study.
A planning and monitoring system for dynamic environments.
Special issue: Computational intelligence models for image processing and information reasoning.
Cliques and clique covers in fuzzy graphs<sup>1</sup>.
A hybrid heuristic algorithm for single and multi-objective imprecise traveling salesman problems.
Product evaluation and development process using a fuzzy compromise-based goal programming approach.
Research on supplier performance evaluation system based on data mining with triangular fuzzy information.
Deriving experts' weights based on consistency maximization in intuitionistic fuzzy group decision making.
Attribute network computing based on qualitative mapping and its application in pattern recognition.
On the fuzzy polynomial ideals.
Decentralized stabilization of fractional order T-S fuzzy interconnected systems with multiple time delays.
Fuzzy n-ary hypergroups.
A multi-attribute group decision-making method based on interval-valued trapezoidal fuzzy numbers hybrid harmonic averaging operators.
Presenting a fuzzy model to control and schedule traffic lights.
Classifier selection method based on clustering and weighted mean.
Finding the fuzzy solutions of a general fully fuzzy linear equation system.
Power and area reduction in CMOS analog fuzzy logic controllers by using a new inference engine structure.
Stability analysis and decentralized H<sub>&#8734;</sub> control for time-delay fuzzy interconnected systems via fuzzy Lyapunov-Krasovskii functional.
A new evaluation model for service quality of health care systems based on AHP and information axiom.
Evolutionary fuzzy cluster analysis with Bayesian validation of gene expression profiles.
Relaxed conditions in tracking control design for a TS fuzzy model.
Traffic regulation algorithm for metro lines with time interval deviations.
Ordering relation of fuzzy implications.
Selection of decision rules based on attribute ranking.
Robust face recognition using computationally efficient features.
Fuzzy Neural Network Control for a Single Flexible-Link Manipulator.
Time-neutrosophic soft set and its applications.
Some proportional 2-tuple geometric aggregation operators for linguistic decision making.
Correlated gain ratio based fuzzy weighted association rule mining classifier for diagnosis health care data.
On open problems based on fuzzy filters of pseudo BCK-algebras.
Note on some recent fixed point theorems in fuzzy metric spaces.
A fuzzy ranking method by desirability index.
An evidential view of similarity measure for Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Performance evaluation of particle filter based visual tracking.
Characterizations of semisimple ordered semihypergroups in terms of fuzzy hyperideals.
A note on "A methodology for matrix games with payoffs of triangular intuitionistic fuzzy number".
The fuzzy system and its application in East Asia.
Fuzzy generalized H-differential and applications to fuzzy differential equations of second-order.
Approaches to interval intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy multiple attribute decision making and their application to evaluating the cluster network competitiveness of SMEs.
Classification based on Choquet integral.
Content-based image retrieval using OWA fuzzy linking histogram.
Using neuro-fuzzy methodology in cache memory design.
Multi-users S-rough sets model based on three-way decisions.
Development of a fuzzy economic order quantity model for imperfect quality items using the learning effect on fuzzy parameters.
An intuitionistic fuzzy method for social network prediction problems.
Special issue on multimedia in technology enhanced learning.
GA-fuzzy based estimation of equivalent hardness of particle reinforced flexible mould material composites.
ARIMA-BP integrated intelligent algorithm for China's consumer price index forecasting and its applications.
Solving fuzzy complex system of linear equations using eigenvalue method.
Rule-based reduction of alarm signals in industrial control.
Application neural network controller and active mass damper in structural vibration suppression.
Learning Strategies for Modular Neuro-Fuzzy Systems: A Case Study on Phoneme-Based Speech Recognition.
Free MV-Modules.
Feature extraction and classification of metal detector signals using the wavelet transform and the fuzzy ARTMAP neural network.
A fuzzy logic based performance augmentation of MEMS gyroscope.
Developing a car-following model with consideration of driver's behavior based on an Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System.
A research method to capture design state based on multi-fuzzy cognitive mapping.
Fuzzy techniques in image processing at Ghent University.
Adaptive traffic signal control in multiple intersections network.
An Approach to Object Identification Using Fuzzy Expected Payoffs.
Portfolio selection models based on Cross-entropy of uncertain variables.
A fast learnt fuzzy neural network for huge scale discrete data function approximation and prediction.
Data set replica placement strategy based on fuzzy evaluation in the cloud.
Linguistic Design of Nonlinear Controllers.
A new integral with respect to a generalized fuzzy number measure.
Interactive fuzzy binary shuffled frog leaping algorithm for multi-objective reliable economic power distribution system expansion planning.
On strong extremal problems in fuzzy graphs.
Detecting fuzzy network communities based on semi-supervised label propagation.
An optimized fuzzy method for finding actions.
Data modeling with imprecise and linguistic information.
Least squares support vector machine with parametric margin for binary classification<sup>1</sup>.
Application of fuzzy subtractive clustering for optimal transient performance of automatic generation control in restructured power system.
Experiments on the use of option policies in reinforcement learning.
Simple computation for the defuzzifications of center of sum and center of gravity.
Relaxed stability issues for T-S fuzzy system: Based on a fuzzy quadratic Lyapunov function.
Intuitionistic fuzzy entropy clustering algorithm for infrared image segmentation.
On a category of fuzzy automata with relations.
The evaluation and ranking of medical device suppliers by using fuzzy topsis methodology.
A PID and fuzzy logic based method for Quadrotor aircraft control motion.
Modified shuffled frog leaping algorithm for multi-objective optimal power flow with FACTS devices.
Geometric properties of interval type-II fuzzy regions.
Fuzzy XML and prioritized fuzzy XQuery with implementation.
Applying KeyGraph and Data Crystallization to technology monitoring on solar cell.
Early smoke detection in video using swaying and diffusion feature.
Fuzzy ordered Krasner hyperrings.
Vehicle detection in urban traffic scenes using the Pixel-Based Adaptive Segmenter with Confidence Measurement.
Cycle-by-cycle estimation of IMEP and peak pressure using crankshaft speed measurements.
Fuzzy logic applications in learning digital control systems.
Optimal PFC corrector of single stage power converter using BC tuned PID controller.
ANFIS-based integral terminal sliding mode control for disturbed chaotic system.
Exploring the effects of adaptive reactive support capabilities by DGs in optimal operational scheduling of smart active distribution networks.
An input method using discrete fitness values for interactive GA.
High performance emotional intelligent controller for induction motor speed control.
Approach to multiple attribute decision making based on the Hamacher operation with fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy information and their application.
Intuitionistic fuzzy color clustering of human cell images on different color models.
Portfolio selection under higher moments using fuzzy multi-objective linear programming.
A further discussion on fuzzy interval cooperative games.
(r, s)-fuzzy minimal structures and (r, s)-fuzzy minimal spaces.
Robust stability of single input fuzzy system for control of industrial plants with time delay.
Fuzzy regular relation on hyper hoop-algebras.
A networked approach to dynamic analysis of social system vulnerability.
Improving the dendritic lattice neural network by utilizing a fuzzy inclusion measure.
Possibility mean and variation coefficient based ranking methods for type-1 fuzzy numbers and interval type-2 fuzzy numbers.
Modeling fuzzy information in fuzzy extended entity-relationship model and fuzzy relational databases.
A survey on the existing classes of uninorms.
A Modified micro Genetic Algorithm for undertaking Multi-Objective Optimization Problems.
On M-fuzzifying JHC convex structures and M-fuzzifying Peano interval spaces.
Certain characterizations of LA-semigroups by soft sets.
Robust EMG pattern recognition to muscular fatigue effect for powered wheelchair control.
Multiplicative F<sup>(m, n)</sup>-Hyperrings.
Differential evolutionary algorithm based structure preserving controller in three area deregulated environment.
Stochastic allocation and sizing of fuel cells using MFA and 2m-PEM.
Automatic learning of Action Knowledge-Base for a mobile robot using genetic algorithms.
Distance and similarity measures for hesitant interval-valued fuzzy sets.
Imbalanced and semi-supervised classification for prognosis of ACLF.
Adaptive neural network sliding mode control for steer-by-wire-based vehicle stability control.
Feature extraction of a vectorcardiogram by employing a wavelet network guaranteeing a global minimum.
Comparing trapezoidal fuzzy numbers by using a hybrid technique on the base of the ideal points and the centroid point.
Fuzzy earned value management using L-R fuzzy numbers.
Join-meet approximation operators and fuzzy preorders.
Pareto-optimal solutions for multi-objective flexible linear programming.
A new fuzzy additive model for determining the common set of weights in Data Envelopment Analysis.
Constructing one-step and limiting fuzzy transition probabilities for finite Markov chains.
Fuzzy random delayed renewal process and fuzzy random equilibrium renewal process.
On similarity and entropy of neutrosophic soft sets.
Truth degree analysis of fuzzy reasoning.
ANFIS modeling of Electro-Hydraulic Actuator system through physical modeling and FCM gap statistic in initial FIS determination.
On almost automorphic solutions for cellular neural networks with time-varying delays in leakage terms on time scales.
Existence of extremal solutions for interval-valued functional integro-differential equations.
Face recognition via optimized features fusion.
Design and small signal stability enhancement of power system using interval type-2 fuzzy PSS.
A binary granule representation for uncertainty measures in rough set theory.
Fuzzy multiobjective decision making for navigation of mobile robots in dynamic, unstructured environments.
A hybrid fuzzy-PEM stochastic framework to solve the optimal operation management of distribution feeder reconfiguration considering wind turbines.
Non-fragile exponential state estimation for continuous-time fuzzy stochastic neural networks with time-varying delays<sup>1</sup>.
A practical application of the interval type-2 fuzzy controller for a photovoltaic sourced DC - DC boost converter.
Fuzzy time series-based cross-layer optimization scheme for cooperative communication in wireless network.
Bi-objective supply chain planning in a fuzzy environment.
A high order seasonal fuzzy time series model and application to international tourism demand of Turkey.
On fuzzy real valued generalized difference I-convergent sequence spaces defined by Musielak-Orlicz function.
Generation of Fuzzy Rules by Mountain Clustering.
Fuzzy Motion Emulator for a Slave Locomotive.
Statistical convergence of order &#946; for generalized difference sequences of fuzzy numbers.
An enhanced grey relational analysis method for interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy multiattribute decision making.
A novel modified shuffled frog leaping algorithm to solve the optimal capacitor allocation problem in distribution system.
Chaotic particle swarm optimization for optimal design of PID controllers in industrial systems.
Fuzzy optimization control for NOx emissions from power plant boilers based on nonlinear optimization<sup>1</sup>.
Telepresence Mechatronic Robot (TEBoT): Towards the design and control of socially interactive bio-inspired system.
Characterizations of hemiregular hemirings via a kind of new soft union sets.
A fuzzy approach to the flow control problem.
Classification models based on Tanaka's fuzzy linear regression approach: The case of customer satisfaction modeling.
Fuzzy set methods for representing commonsense knowledge.
Enhanced approximation capabilities of the fuzzy systems using variable universes of discourse.
Estimating Membership Functions in a Fuzzy Network Model for Part-of-Speech Tagging.
Modelling uncapacitated facility location problem with uncertain customers' positions.
An improved Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model with multidimensional fuzzy sets.
Morphology of compounds as standard words in persian through hidden Markov model and fuzzy method.
An application of a self-organizing model to the design of urban transport networks.
Representation and Analysis of Uncertainty Using Fuzzy Petri Nets.
Multiple criteria optimization based on unsupervised learning and fuzzy inference applied to the vehicle routing problem.
Book review.
Hierarchical tree clustering of fuzzy number.
A Fuzzy Engineering Approach for Time Series Forecasting of Electric Load.
Association measures on [0, 1].
Fuzzy analytic hierarchy process applied to technology credit scorecard considering entrepreneurs' psychological and behavioral attributes.
Optimal production cycle time for inventory model with linear time dependent exponential distributed deterioration.
Law of large numbers for uncertain random variables with different chance distributions.
Design and Implementation of Fuzzy Logic Controllers for a Heat Exchanger in a Water-for-Injection System.
Fuzzy Analytical Hierarchial Processes.
Generalizations of (U, N)-implications derived from commutative semi-uninorms and pseudo-uninorms.
Some linguistic power aggregating operators and their application to multiple attribute group decision making.
A computational fuzzy time series forecasting model based on GEM-based discretization and hierarchical fuzzy logical rules.
An intelligent system for paper currency recognition with robust features.
A new intelligent method for optimal coordination of vehicle-to-grid plug-in electric vehicles in power systems.
MOSSFARM: Model structure selection by fuzzy association rule mining.
Efficiency evaluation of an Internet Plus University Student Affairs System based on fuzzy theory and the analytic hierarchy process.
A new method for prioritized multi-criteria group decision making with triangular intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Fuzzy Fault Tree Analysis for Structural Safety.
A multivariable generalized predictive control approach based on T-S fuzzy model.
Decision making based on similarity measure of vague soft sets.
Error estimation and numerical solution of nonlinear fuzzy Fredholm integral equations of the second kind using triangular functions.
Multiplicative consistency of interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy preference relation.
Dynamic Bayesian networks for visual recognition of dynamic gestures.
A fuzzy linear programming approach to the load shedding and generation reallocation problem.
Properties of interval-valued hesitant fuzzy sets.
A negotiation model for autonomous computational agents: Formal description and empirical evaluation.
Hybrid neuro - fuzzy based adaptive load balancing for delay - sensitive internet application.
Efficient methods to schedule reentrant flowshop system.
Hierarchical Fuzzy Control of Robotic Manipulators.
Fuzzy statistics, by James J. Buckley.
Real-time hybrid design of tracking control and obstacle avoidance for underactuated underwater vehicles.
A simple and intelligent approach for brain MRI classification.
Faces and dual of m-polar fuzzy planar graphs.
Closure properties for fuzzy recursively enumerable languages and fuzzy recursive languages.
Robust, interpretable and high quality fuzzy rule discovery using krill herd algorithm.
An active fault tolerant control method based on support vector machines.
Solving multi-objective fuzzy probabilistic programming problem.
Smart experience engineering to support collaborative design problems based on constraints modelling.
&#948;-relation on dual hyper K-algebras.
A method of multi-attribute decision making under risk based on interval probability.
Common fixed points of minimal contractive conditions in intuitionistic fuzzy metric space.
Airplane ABS control synthesis using fuzzy logic.
Image quality assessment metrics combining structural similarity and image fidelity with visual attention.
Engineering economic analyses using intuitionistic and hesitant fuzzy sets.
Vague graphs and strengths.
Similarity measures of interval-valued fuzzy sets.
A hybrid of adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system and genetic algorithm.
A new method for consistency test in fuzzy AHP.
Design of Fuzzy Logic Controller with Inconsistent Rule Base.
An innovation approach for achieving cost optimization in supply chain management.
Fuzzy logic based game theory applications in multi-criteria decision making process.
A new approach to LA-semigroup theory via the soft sets.
Fuzzy logic applications in technology assessment studies.
An approach to evaluating the enterprise strategic crisis management with uncertain linguistic information.
Design of Logic-Based Intelligent Systems, by Klaus Truemper.
On &#945;-filters of BL-algebras.
Analysis of the predictability of time series obtained from genomic sequences by using several predictors.
Magnetic Resonance Image Segmentation by Contextual Fuzzy Clustering.
Implication BL-algebras.
Machine vision based sliding fuzzy-PDC control for obstacle avoidance and object recognition of service robot platform.
Fuzzy Inference Integrated 3-D Measuring System With LED Displacement Sensor and Vision System.
Vehicle routing problem based on a fuzzy customer clustering approach for logistics network optimization.
How well Fuzzy ARTMAP approximates functions?
A combined fuzzy AHP-goal programming approach to assembly-line selection.
Detecting mobile land targets in LADAR imagery with fuzzy algorithms.
Intuitionistic N-fuzzy set and its application in bi&#915;-ternary semigroups.
Research on intelligent watermelon identification and positioning method in natural scene.
Incremental semi-supervised kernel construction with self-organizing incremental neural network and application in intrusion detection.
Information granulation as a basis of fuzzy modeling.
Interval valued (&#945;, &#946;)-intuitionistic fuzzy ideals in hemirings.
Ensemble of multiresolution probabilistic neural network classifiers with fuzzy integral for face recognition.
Development of intelligent soilless culture device.
A coalitional value for fuzzy games with a coalition structure.
Mobile robot learning by evolution of fuzzy controller.
Fuzzy Model Identification Based on Cluster Estimation.
Neutrosophic deductive filters on BL-algebras.
A risk assessment model of uncertainty system based on set-valued mapping.
Choquet-based multi-criteria decision making with objective and subjective information.
Soft computing based multi-agent marketing decision support system.
Secure and efficient protocols for multiple interdependent issues negotiation.
On distance between fuzzy variables.
A novel privacy-preserving probability transductive classifiers from group probabilities based on regression model.
Managing risk for business processes: A fuzzy based multi-agent system.
Neural Structures of Fuzzy Decision-Making.
New representation for filters of BL-algebras.
Incremental pose estimation for mobile robots within curvilinear environments.
Integration of fuzzy analytic hierarchy process and multi-objective fuzzy goal programming for selection problems: An application on roadheader selection.
Type-2 fuzzy cross-entropy and entropy measures and their applications.
A new method to obtain fuzzy Pareto set of fuzzy multi-criteria optimization problems.
Reply to "open problem of fuzzy confidence interval for fuzzy process capability index".
Requirement analysis abstractions for AmI system design.
A fuzzy multiple attribute decision making method based on possibility degree.
MIMO fuzzy identification of building-MR damper systems.
A fuzzy-rough approach for finding various minimal data reductions using ant colony optimization.
Fault diagnosis using algorithmic redundancy.
Coatoms and comolecules of BL-algebras.
A fuzzy multi-criteria approach to point-factor method for job evaluation.
Hesitant fuzzy Hamacher aggregation operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
A self-adaptive differential evolution algorithm with an external archive for unconstrained optimization problems.
Adaptive neuro-fuzzy expert systems for predicting specific energy consumption and energy stability margin in crab walking of six-legged robots.
Some double lacunary I-convergent sequence spaces of fuzzy numbers defined by Orlicz function.
A novel fuzzy goal programming approach with preemtive structure for optimal investment decisions.
Recognition of wrist EMG signal patterns using neural networks.
Clustering regression based on interval-valued fuzzy outputs and interval-valued fuzzy parameters.
Multi-index grey target decision method based on adjustment coefficient.
Comparative study on proximity indices for cluster analysis of gene expression time series.
Fuzzy optimal control with application to discounted profit advertising problem.
DyKnow: An approach to middleware for knowledge processing.
Dynamic Neural Units with Applications to the Control of Unknown Nonlinear Systems.
A new set of pivot elimination schemes for increasing the query performance.
The sum interaction indices of some particular families of monotone measures.
On fuzzy bipolar soft sets, their algebraic structures and applications.
Multifactorial decision making based on type-2 fuzzy sets and factor space approach.
Intuitionistic fuzzy Hamacher aggregation operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Interval neutrosophic numbers Choquet integral operator for multi-criteria decision making.
On the resolution of the system of fuzzy Diophantine equations.
A new evolutionary-based intelligent method to solve the practical economic dispatch problem.
Some generalized dependent aggregation operators with 2-dimension linguistic information and their application to group decision making.
Some global existence results and stability theorem for fuzzy functional differential equations.
A new definition and formula of entropy for intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Fuzzy comprehensive evaluation of urban regeneration decision-making based on entropy weight method: Case study of yuzhong peninsula, China.
An extended LINMAP method for MAGDM under linguistic hesitant fuzzy environment.
Join-meet preserving maps and Alexandrov fuzzy topologies.
Edge regular intuitionistic fuzzy soft graphs.
Structural verification through similarity measures for fuzzy rule bases representing clinical guidelines.
Full soft sets and full soft decision systems.
Some notes on characters of intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
A fuzzy dynamical system modelling of a disturbance leading to cyclogenesis.
Fuzzy extended earned value management: A novel perspective.
On solving bounded fuzzy variable linear program and its applications.
Characterizations of intra-regular Abel-Grassmann's groupoids.
A simple and intelligent online parameter identification of nonlinear chaotic systems.
An approach to multiple attribute decision making problems based on hesitant fuzzy set.
Fuzzy adaptive connection admission control for real-time applications in ATM-based heterogeneous networks.
Novel fuzzy logic control based on weighting of partially inconsistent rules using neural network.
A new type of fuzzy normal subgroups and fuzzy cosets.
Fuzzy games on augmenting systems with fuzzy characteristic functions.
Fuzzy Cognitive Maps in modeling supervisory control systems.
A dynamic virtual air hub location problem with balancing requirements via robust optimization: Mathematical modeling and solution methods.
Capacitated Facility Location Problem in random fuzzy environment: Using (&#945; , &#946;)-cost minimization model under the Hurwicz criterion.
Strategic pricing model based on genetic algorithm: The case of electronic publishing market.
Some remarks on hyper MV-algebras.
The use of invariant features for object recognition from a single image.
A new preference scale of intuitionistic fuzzy analytic hierarchy process in multi-criteria decision making problems.
Stability analysis and fuzzy smith compensation control for semi-active suspension systems with time delay.
Efficiency enhancement of estimation of distribution algorithms by a compressed tournament selection.
Simultaneous structure and parameter design of fuzzy systems by hybridizing multi-group genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization.
Solution to Turunen's open problems on <i>n</i>-fold filters.
Hybrid model of pH neutralization for a pilot plant.
A genetic optimization algorithm for nonlinear stochastic programs in an automated manufacturing system.
Election candidates fuzzy multi-agent recommender system.
TOPSIS and Choquet integral hybrid technique for solving MAGDM problems with interval type-2 fuzzy numbers.
A new modeling algorithm based on ANFIS and GMDH.
Short term load forecasting of distribution systems by a new hybrid modified FA-backpropagation method.
Quadratic Stabilization of Fuzzy Control Systems Using Output Feedback.
Generation of Chaotic Signals Using Current-Mode Techniques.
A geometric image segmentation method based on a bi-convex, fuzzy, variational principle with teaching-learning optimization.
Artificial neural network approach to the fuzzy Abel integral equation problem.
Dynamic Switching of Fuzzy Resolution in Knowledge-Based Self-Tuning Control.
A fuzzy approach to build an intelligent data warehouse.
Some covering properties in semantic method of continuous valued logic.
A new filter in BL-algebras.
Fuzzy clustering of color and texture features for image segmentation: A study on satellite image retrieval.
Customer relationship management performance measurement using balanced scorecard and fuzzy analytic network process: The case of MAPNA group.
Variable precision rough set based decision tree classifier.
Teaching-learning-based optimization with a fuzzy grouping learning strategy for global numerical optimization.
Analysis of real-time system conflict based on fuzzy time Petri nets.
A type of strongly regular rings.
Image processing based obstacle avoidance control for mobile robot by recurrent fuzzy neural network.
Fuzzy control for uncertainty nonlinear systems with dual fuzzy equations.
Rough and rough fuzzy sets on two universes via covering approach.
BIBO Stability of Nonlinear Fuzzy PI Control Systems.
Optimal control of a continuous review production inventory system with Gamma distributed deterioration.
Generating fuzzy rule base classifier for highly imbalanced datasets using a hybrid of evolutionary algorithms and subtractive clustering.
Fuzzy sensor fault-tolerant control of an induction motor.
Distance and similarity measures for dual hesitant fuzzy sets and their applications in pattern recognition.
Structure learning via non-parametric factorized joint likelihood function.
Modeling and parametric optimization of investment casting process by uniting desirability function approach and fuzzy logic.
Fuzzy PID control method of deburring industrial robots.
Improving trade-offs in automated bilateral negotiations for expressive and inexpressive scenarios.
Cross-oriented choquet integrals and their applications on data classification.
On &#963;-uniform density and ideal convergent sequences of fuzzy real numbers.
Application of fuzzy sets for assisting the physician's model of functional impairments in human locomotion.
Model for performance evaluation in customs service management with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Generalized fuzzy hyperideals of hypernear-rings and many valued implications.
Tracking objects in video-based education using an enhanced particle filter.
Identification of fuzzy systems by means of genetic optimization and data granulation.
Fuzzy reliability analysis using a new alpha level set optimization approach based on particle swarm optimization.
PSGO: Particle Swarm Gravitation Optimization Algorithm.
A new data envelopment analysis in fully fuzzy environment on the base of the degree of certainty of information.
A control system for a single-spin LEO satellite employing supervisory control with fuzzy logic and adaptive control under uncertainty.
Automation and monitoring of the distribution network in presence of distributed generations by using Petri Nets.
Robust digital image watermark scheme on wavelet domain using fuzzy rough sets.
Atanassov intuitionistic fuzzy sets generating maps.
An enhanced neural network learning using a self-tuning fuzzy neuron controller.
Cycle connectivity in fuzzy graphs.
Adaptive fuzzy control for a quadrotor helicopter robust to wind buffeting.
Regularity of fuzzy measures on complete and separable metric spaces.
Method for aggregating induced correlated interval grey linguistic variables and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
The Cauchy problem for quaternion fuzzy fractional differential equations.
Boundary value problems for semilinear fuzzy impulsive differential inclusions based on semigroups in Banach spaces.
The Shapley function for fuzzy games with fuzzy characteristic functions.
Computational procedure of performance assessment of lifetime index of normal products with fuzzy data under the type II right censored sampling plan.
Domination in vague graphs and its applications.
Theoretical framework of Fuzzy-AI model in quantitative project management.
Temporal constraints in clinical diagnosis.
Modelling flexible manufacturing systems using weighted Fuzzy Coloured Petri Nets.
An intelligent approach for optimizing Energy consumption and Schedule length of Embedded multiprocessors<sup>1</sup>.
Starshaped (&#8712;, &#8712; &#8744; q)-fuzzy sets.
Approximations on intuitionistic fuzzy predicate calculus through rough computing.
Analysing some R-Implications and its application in fuzzy mathematical morphology.
Selective and incremental fusion for fuzzy and uncertain data based on probabilistic graphical model.
Road detection in image by fusion laser points based on fuzzy SVM for a small ground mobile robot.
Novel distance and similarity measures on hesitant fuzzy sets with applications to clustering analysis.
A hybrid model for daily peak load power forecasting based on SAMBA and neural network.
Fuzzy ordered structures and fuzzy lattice ordered groups.
Ranking of fuzzy numbers based on centroid point and spread.
Two types of MTL-L-filters in residuated lattices.
Application of Neural and Fuzzy Logic Controllers to Control Selected Mechanical Systems.
Fuzzy and PD controller based intelligent control of spillway gates of dams.
A note on "Ranking generalized exponential trapezoidal fuzzy numbers based on variance".
Automatic speech recognition of Urdu words using linear discriminant analysis.
Optimal and Suboptimal Pattern Allocation Schemes for Backpropagation Learning on a Heterogeneous Processor Network.
Group decision making with density-based aggregation operators under interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy environments.
Improvement of rock engineering system coding using fuzzy numbers.
A novel approach for solving fuzzy differential equations using Runge-Kutta and Biogeography-based optimization.
Towards scene understanding using a co-operative of robots.
f-morphism on bipolar fuzzy graphs.
On co-annihilators in residuated lattices.
Application of core vector machines for induction motor drive fault diagnosis.
Fuzzy multi-attribute group decision making method with incomplete weight information under interval type-2 fuzzy environment.
A circuit implementation of an ultra high speed, low power analog fully programmable MFG.
A novel scheme for selection of watermark strength in digital image watermarking based on harmony search algorithm.
Multi-granulation fuzzy rough sets.
Attitude control based on fuzzy logic for continuum aircraft fuel tank inspection robot.
Material selection for femoral component of total knee replacement integrating fuzzy AHP with PROMETHEE.
Model for evaluating the mechanical product design quality with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Multiple attribute group decision making methods based on intuitionistic fuzzy frank power aggregation operators.
Similarity measures between interval neutrosophic sets and their applications in multicriteria decision-making.
Hesitant fuzzy semigroups with a frontier.
A fuzzy group decision-making model with risk-taking attitudes in quality function deployment.
Interval valued neutrosophic sets and multi-attribute decision-making based on generalized weighted aggregation operator.
Measuring Similarity and Ordering based on Hesitant Fuzzy Linguistic Term Sets.
Set covering submodular maximization: An optimal algorithm for data mining in bioinformatics and medical informatics.
Convex hesitant fuzzy sets.
Command and control of automated subway in mode of disrupted march using fuzzy logic.
Reliability analysis of turbine blades based on fuzzy response surface method.
Multi objective new product development in bakery production under fuzzy demand parameters.
Intelligent hierarchical structure of classifiers to assess static security of power system.
Approximate solution for a class of second-order ordinary differential equations by the fuzzy transform.
Intuitionistic fuzzy multi-criteria decision making with application to job hunting: A comparative perspective.
Complete design of fuzzy systems using a real-coded genetic algorithm with imbedded constraints.
Fuzzy measures and integrals in profile hidden Markov models for protein sequence analysis.
The formulas of the solution for linear-order random fuzzy differential equations.
Fuzzy counter-offers in agent-mediated negotiations.
Optimal unit commitment of renewable energy sources in the micro-grids with storage devices.
Updating a priori information in fuzzy pattern recognition to improve classification performance.
Block thresholding image denoising with dual-tree complex wavelet transform.
Non-commutative residuated lattices based on soft sets.
A parallel improved IWO algorithm on GPU for solving large scale global optimization problems.
Fuzzy multicriteria prioritization of Urban transformation projects for Istanbul.
Measures of compactness in L-fuzzy pretopological spaces.
An intelligent electromyogram signal characterization method based on neuro-fuzzy model.
An application of fuzzy clustering to manufacturing cell design.
Induced generalized dual hesitant fuzzy Shapley hybrid operators and their application in multi-attributes decision making.
A new method for solving fuzzy linear fractional programming problems.
Neural-network-based fault location estimator for transmission line protection.
Computational intelligence: The experts speak, by David B. Fogel and Charles J. Robinson, eds.
Job migration with fault tolerance based QoS scheduling using hash table functionality in social Grid computing.
A 3D face animation system for mobile devices.
Fixed point theorems for fuzzy &#968; - contractive mappings in fuzzy metric spaces.
Relatedness of fuzzy sets.
New fuzzy indices for multidimensional poverty.
Position/force control of manipulator based on force measurement and its application to gear deburring.
An economic production quantity problem with backorders and fuzzy cycle times.
Hydraulic gap control of rolling mill based on self-tuning fuzzy PID.
Application of fuzzy logic methodology for predicting dynamic measurement errors related to process parameters of coordinate measuring machines.
Interestingness measure for mining sequential patterns in sports.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy &#915; - hyperideals of &#915; - semihypergroups.
On codes based on BCK-algebras.
Simulation of contra-lateral inhibition using venn-networks.
On Tauberian theorems for Ces&agrave;ro summability of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Functional organization of an artificially intellectualized home environment based on mandami and takagi-sugeno procedures.
Nodal filters in Residuated Lattices.
Mathematical modeling and computational study of the simplest fuzzy two-term controllers via height defuzzification.
Adjustable soft discernibility matrix based on picture fuzzy soft sets and its applications in decision making.
Probabilistic fuzzy rough sets.
Evolution model of collaborative production task responding to unplanned perturbations.
Unsupervised feature selection method based on sensitivity and correlation concepts for multiclass problems.
Triangular dense fuzzy sets and new defuzzification methods.
Social benefits of the mine occupational health and safety management systems of mines in China and Sweden based on a fuzzy analytic hierarchy process: A comparative study.
Driankov, Hellendoorn, and Reinfrank's An Introduction to Fuzzy Control.
Algebraic structures of fuzzy T-Locality spaces: Part 1.
Domain mining for machine translation.
Models for multiple attribute decision making with hesitant fuzzy linguistic information and their application to Enterprise risk evaluation.
L -fuzzy multigranulation rough set based on residuated lattices.
Structures of bipolar fuzzy &#915;-hyperideals in &#915;-semihypergroups.
Hybrid compression scheme using precoding block and fast stationary wavelet transformation.
Support Vector Machine for soft fault location in electrical circuits.
Improving Classification Using a Tree Structured Neural Network.
An evolutionary-based entropic image thresholding approach for nano-scale light microscopic image segmentation.
Heuristic learning in recurrent neural fuzzy networks.
Drift robust non-rigid optical flow enhancement for long sequences.
An intelligent multi-objective stochastic framework to solve the distribution feeder reconfiguration considering uncertainty.
Fuzzy logic and neuro-fuzzy modelling of diesel spray penetration: A comparative study.
Design of fuzzy gain-scheduled robust controllers using Kharitonov's extremal gain margin theorem.
Fuzzy valuation-based system for Bayesian decision problems.
(&#8712; , &#8712; &#8744; q)-fuzzy t-filters on residuated lattices1.
OR and AND-products of ifp-intuitionistic fuzzy soft sets and their applications in decision making.
A hybrid of particle swarm and ant colony optimization algorithms for reactive power market simulation.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy bi-normed <i>KU</i>-ideals of a <i>KU</i>-algebra.
Real-time application of a fuzzy gain scheduling control scheme to a multi-pool open irrigation canal prototype.
On convergent double sequence spaces of fuzzy numbers defined by ideal and Orlicz function.
Computational intelligence method of estimating solid-liquid interfacial energy of materials at their melting temperatures.
Birough programming approach for solving bi-matrix games with birough payoff elements.
Modified bounded dual network simplex algorithm for solving minimum cost flow problem with fuzzy costs based on ranking functions.
A knowledge-based technique for initializing a genetic algorithm.
The multi-objective hybridization of particle swarm optimization and fuzzy ant colony optimization.
Evolution of a subsumption architecture neurocontroller.
Transmission of image data using fuzzy logic based clustering infrastructure in mobile multimedia sensor networks.
A new rough set theory: rough soft hemirings.
Classification based on L-fuzzy sets<sup>1</sup>.
Topologies induced by pointwise L-fuzzifying quasi-uniformities.
An optimal penalty in an environmental pollution game with the suspension of production.
A novel VLSI architecture for a fuzzy inference processor using Gaussian-shaped membership function.
A novel mutation differential evolution for global optimization.
The L-lim-inf-convergence in fuzzy posets.
A non-commutative approach to uniform structures.
Generalized L-topological spaces.
Triangular fuzzy Bonferroni mean operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Tuning of output scaling factor in PI-like fuzzy controllers for power converters using PSO.
Knowledge discovery in virtual community texts: Clustering virtual communities.
Adaptive control system for grouting pressure stability based on fuzzy algorithm.
A multi-agent based approach to modeling and solving dynamic generalized travelling salesman problem.
Evaluation of emergency risk management capability based on hesitant fuzzy Einstein operator.
A multiple criteria hesitant fuzzy decision making with Shapley value-based VIKOR method.
A fuzzy decision making approach for analogy detection in new product forecasting.
Collective intelligent toolbox based on linked model framework.
Covering-based rough fuzzy sets and binary relation.
Effective Detection of Nucleus in Cytodiagnosis by Employing Combinatorial Fuzzy Hough Transform.
Relative entropy method for fuzzy multiple attribute decision making and its application to software quality evaluation.
Using a fuzzy logic approach for the predictive maintenance of textile machines.
Interoperability within Multi-Agent System.
Blind source separation with adaptive learning rates for image encryption.
Approaches to decision making with Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information and their application to enterprise financial performance assessment.
Performance of a Digital Associative Memory Model for Pattern Recognition.
Site selection for food distribution using rough set approach and TOPSIS method.
A coordination method for fuzzy multi-objective optimization of system reliability.
Knowledge reductions in generalized approximation space over two universes based on evidence theory.
Generalized intuitionistic fuzzy filters on residuated lattices.
Rough subpolygroups in a factor polygroup.
A runtime-testing method for integer overflow detection based on metamorphic relations.
Stability analysis of gravity dams under uncertainty using the fuzzy sets theory and a many-objective GA.
Importance identification for fault trees based on possibilistic information measurements.
Enhanced soft subspace clustering through hybrid dissimilarity.
An approach to multi-attribute group decision making under uncertain linguistic environment based on the Choquet aggregation operators.
Ranking function of two LR-fuzzy numbers.
Enhancing working performance of active magnetic bearings using improved fuzzy control and Kalman-LMS filter.
Prediction of the marshall stability of reinforced asphalt concrete with steel fiber using fuzzy logic.
Ant colony optimization with parameter adaptation for multi-mode resource-constrained project scheduling.
Transposition F<sup>n</sup>-hypergroups.
Local and perfect semihoops.
An efficient method for solving LR fuzzy dual matrix systems.
Some results of calculus for functions having values in an intuitionistic fuzzy n-normed linear space.
Fuzzy Model Based Fuzzy Predictive Controllers.
Learning from big data with uncertainty - editorial.
Fuzzy Sign test for imprecise quantities: A p-value approach.
Model for multiple attribute decision making with hesitant triangular fuzzy information and its applications.
Multi-objective image segmentation with an interactive evolutionary computation approach.
The Systems Integration Technical Risk assessment fusing of Bayesian Belief Networks and Parametric Models.
Silicon Implementation for a Novel High-Speed Fuzzy Inference Engine: Mega-Flips Analog Fuzzy Processor.
On the properties of the generalized OWHA operators and their application to group decision making.
On the use of inclusion structure in fuzzy clustering algorithm in case of Gaussian membership functions.
Semihypergroups characterized by (&#8712; <sub>&#947;</sub>, &#8712; <sub>&#947;</sub> &#8744; q<sub>&#948;</sub>)-fuzzy hyperideals.
Some aggregation operators of interval neutrosophic linguistic numbers for multiple attribute decision making.
Proficient lungs nodule detection and classification using machine learning techniques.
Comparison of Conventional and Fuzzy Control of Indoor Air Quality in Buildings.
Rough set based pose invariant face recognition with mug shot images.
Probabilistic management of charge/discharge of EVs: An approximation procedure.
Fuzzy coalitional core for fuzzy games with coalition structures.
Fuzzy logic based four-voice choral harmonization in traditional style.
Minors of M-fuzzifying matroids.
Robust fuzzy decentralized control for nonlinear large-scale systems with parametric uncertainties.
HOMAN, a learning based negotiation method for holonic multi-agent systems.
Solving practical power system problems using hierarchical interactive PSO strategy considering SVC controllers.
On fuzzifying matroids: Dual matroids and spanning.
An approach to resolving semantic inconsistency of multiple prepositional attitudes.
Developing a stochastic framework to determine the static reserve requirements of high-wind penetrated power systems.
A fuzzy system for profiling web portal users from web access log.
Multi-model adaptive control based on fuzzy neural networks.
Stability analysis and design of a class of MIMO fuzzy control systems.
Artificial neural network model for predicting soil electrical resistivity.
Design of novel two-layered fuzzy logic controller for plants with time-varying dead-zone and saturation characteristics.
Initial and the final T-topogenous structures.
Scheduling in a two-stage supply chain with uncertain parameters.
Characterizations and applications of M-fuzzifying matroids.
A fuzzy coincidence theorem with applications in a function space.
A sufficient stochastic framework to capture the uncertainty of load models in the management of distributed generations in power systems.
Generalized convexity-based inexact projection method for multiple kernel learning.
Fuzzy nonlinear regressions based on fuzzy choquet integrals.
A new method for trapezoidal fuzzy numbers ranking based on the Shadow length and its application to manager's risk taking.
Reinterpreting a fuzzy subset by means of a Sincov's functional equation.
Fuzzy multivariate NARX model for passenger entrance flow prediction in the Shanghai subway system.
Knowledge propagation in a distributed omnidirectional vision system.
Defuzzification of trapezoidal type-2 fuzzy variables and its application to solid transportation problem.
Matching method for emergency plans of highway traffic based on fuzzy sets and rough sets.
Co-FQL: Anomaly detection using cooperative fuzzy Q-learning in network.
Fuzzy intelligent inference scheme for self-health estimation via blood pressure and body mass index in out-of-hospital.
Mineral prospectivity mapping with weights of evidence and fuzzy logic methods.
Fuzzy distance of triangular fuzzy numbers.
A novel swarm based feature selection algorithm in multifunction myoelectric control.
Some dual hesitant fuzzy Hamacher aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
A weighted goal programming approach to estimate the linear regression model in full quasi type-2 fuzzy environment.
A hybrid optimization algorithm based on harmony search and differential evolution for continuous domain.
A greedy algorithm versus metaheuristic solutions to deadlock detection in Graph Transformation Systems.
A new correlation measure of the intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Design of Prisoner's dilemma based fuzzy logic computed torque controller with Lyapunov synthesis linguistic model for PUMA-560 robot manipulator.
A differential evolution algorithm for pickups and deliveries problem with fuzzy time windows.
How to measure non-specificity of intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Using repetitive fuzzy method for chaotic time series prediction.
Design of current-mode modular programmable analog CMOS FLC.
An improved method to rank generalized fuzzy numbers with different left heights and right heights.
Vague soft set relations and functions.
A Fuzzy Logic-Based Robot Controller.
Using the monotone measure sum to enrich the measurement of the interaction of multiple decision criteria.
Knowledge acquisition using rough sets when membership values are fuzzy sets.
Fuzzy entropy-weighted MULTIMOORA method for materials selection.
Neutrosophic vague soft expert set theory.
Application of neural based fuzzy logic sliding mode control with moving sliding surface for the seismic isolation of a building with active tendon.
An AI based approach to multiple census data analysis for feature selection.
Fuzzy parameterized fuzzy soft h-ideals of hemirings.
Studies on soft topological spaces.
A Chaos-Based Analysis of Discriminative Power of Fuzzy Models.
A fuzzy bulk queue with modified Bernoulli vacation and restricted admissible customers.
A note on "Solving intuitionistic fuzzy linear programming problems by ranking function".
A valuation-based method for ranking the intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Two-step based hybrid feature selection method for spam filtering.
Common &#945;-fuzzy fixed point theorems for fuzzy mappings via &#946;<sub>F</sub>-admissible pair.
An adaptive fuzzy rule extraction using hybrid model of the fuzzy self-organizing map and the genetic algorithm with numerical chromosomes.
Triangular intuitionistic fuzzy random decision making based on combination of parametric estimation, score functions, and prospect theory.
Delay-dependent generalized H2 fuzzy static-output-feedback control for discrete T-S fuzzy bilinear stochastic systems with mixed delays.
Special issue on knowledge integration and management in autonomous systems.
Coevolutionary search for one-dimensional cellular automata, based on parameters related to their dynamic behaviour.
Optimization of hybrid robot control system using artificial hormones and fuzzy logic.
Modified difference-index based ranking bilinear programming approach to solving bimatrix games with payoffs of trapezoidal intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
On the relation between two approaches to combining evidence: Ordered Abelian Groups and uninorms.
On induced I-fuzzy topogenous spaces generated by Lowen factors.
Small engine control by fuzzy logic.
Guest editorial.
A novel intelligent strategy for probabilistic electricity price forecasting: Wavelet neural network based modified dolphin optimization algorithm.
Behavioral analysis of cooperative/competitive antibody dynamics in garbage cleaning applications.
An Ant Colony system for large-scale phylogenetic tree reconstruction.
Application of SVR with backtracking search algorithm for long-term load forecasting.
Estimating Correlation Dimensions of Biological Time Series with a Reliable Method.
Evaluation analysis for sortie generation of carrier aircrafts based on nonlinear fuzzy matter-element method.
EARTH: Energy-aware autonomic resource scheduling in cloud computing.
Design of Fuzzy Control Systems Based on State Feedback.
Simplified robust fuzzy output regulator design for discrete-time nonlinear systems.
The application of improved Markov Chain Monte Carlo method in liquidity management of commercial banks.
Recognizing driving postures by combined features of contourlet transform and edge orientation histogram, and random subspace classifier ensembles.
Power plant start-up scheduling: a reinforcement learning approach combined with evolutionary computation.
Attributes reduction based on intuitionistic fuzzy rough sets.
Imprecise multi-objective production/distribution planning decisions using possibilistic programming method.
A hybrid method for solving fuzzy semi-infinite linear programming problems.
Risk analysis of combustion system using vague ranking method.
Reviews on decision making methods based on (fuzzy) soft sets and rough soft sets.
A Stabilization Algorithm for Discrete-Time Fuzzy Control Systems.
Expression robust three-dimensional face recognition based on gaussian filter and dual-tree complex wavelet transform.
Optimal operation of distributed generation in power systems considering uncertainty effects through probabilistic load flow.
A Tauberian theorem for the weighted mean method of summability of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
The least square B-nucleolus for fuzzy cooperative games.
Attitude estimation using a Neuro-Fuzzy tuning based adaptive Kalman filter.
Introduction to linear representations of soft groups.
Vehicle route assignment optimization for emergency evacuation in a complex network.
Improved block based segmentation algorithm for compression of compound images.
On &#966;-fuzzy rough sets: Representation, special cases and induced topology.
A novel artificial bee colony algorithm based on modified search strategy and generalized opposition-based learning.
Self-organizing fuzzy control for dissolved oxygen concentration using fuzzy neural network<sup>1</sup>.
One dimensional fuzzy differential inclusions.
Entropy measures for hesitant fuzzy sets and their application in multi-criteria decision-making.
A new approach for distribution state estimation based on ant colony algorithm with regard to distributed generation.
Investigating association rules for sentiment classification of Web reviews.
Extraction of Fuzzy Rules for Classification Based on Partitioned Hyperboxes.
A fuzzy based assessment method for comparison of ship launching methods.
On general form of fuzzy lines and its application in fuzzy line fitting.
Improving expressional power and validation for multilevel flow models.
Fuzzy system approaches to negotiation pricing decision support.
Using optimal fuzzy logic controller to improve transient fluctuations in deregulated power system with random variable load.
Logistics center site selection by ANP/BOCR analysis: A case study of Turkey.
Fuzzy ARTMAP and hybrid evolutionary programming for pattern classification.
A robust energy-efficient routing algorithm to cloud computing networks for learning.
Primary decomposition of A-ideals in MV-modules.
Selection of appropriate software development life cycle using fuzzy logic.
Modular neural-visual servoing with image compression input.
Fuzzy arithmetic on LR fuzzy numbers with applications to fuzzy programming.
A novel design of hybrid fractal antenna using BFO.
Enhancement of medical images in an Atanassov's't intuitionistic fuzzy domain using an alternative intuitionistic fuzzy generator with application to image segmentation.
Knowledge engineering for real time intelligent control.
Results on lacunary difference ideal convergence in intuitionistic fuzzy normed linear spaces.
Building Normalized SentiMI to enhance semi-supervised sentiment analysis.
A score function based on relative entropy and its application in intuitionistic normal fuzzy multiple criteria decision making.
A simple interaction model for learner agents: An evolutionary approach.
Power system oscillations damping using HABsW based FACTS-SSSC.
Generalized Fuzzy and Matrix Associative Holographic Memories.
Evolving structure and parameters of fuzzy models with interpretable membership functions.
A cooperative Cuckoo Search - hierarchical adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system approach for predicting student academic performance.
A Stochastic Evaluation for an Acoustic Environmental System by Introducing Two Types of Information Processing Methods Based on Regression Models of an Expansion Series Type and Fuzzy Probability.
Research on coordination optimization of DC modulation controller in multi-infeed transmission system based on improved Prony and chaos cloud particle swarm algorithm.
Conversion of fuzzy automata into fuzzy regular expressions using transitive closure.
Identifying the influential spreaders in multilayer interactions of online social networks.
An Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy reasoning model.
A simple stable adaptive neuro-fuzzy speed controller for induction motors.
Time-dependent autonomous task planning of agile imaging satellites.
Topologies associated to (dual) fuzzy approximation operators on fuzzy finite state automata.
Collaborative information retrieval model based on fuzzy confidence network.
Parameterized bilinear programming methodology for solving triangular intuitionistic fuzzy number bimatrix games.
Minimal realization for fuzzy behaviour: A bicategory-theoretic approach.
New methods of probabilistic and possibilistic interactive data processing.
Imprecise data envelopment analysis model with bifuzzy variables.
IDK and ICARO to develop multi-agent systems in support of Ambient Intelligence.
Approaches to uncertain linguistic multiple attribute decision making based on dual Maclaurin symmetric mean.
Hybrid models in decision making under uncertainty: The case of training provider evaluation.
A Noise-Tolerant Approach to Symbolic Learning from Sensory Data.
Multi-colony ant algorithm for parallel assembly line balancing with fuzzy parameters.
A genetic type-2 fuzzy C-means clustering approach to M-FISH segmentation.
Investigation of the effect of hydromechanical deep drawing process parameters on formability of AA5754 sheets metals by using neuro-fuzzy forecasting approach.
Systematic strategy for choosing optimal membership function and fuzzy rulebase based on fuzzy entropy for intelligent control of robotic part assembly tasks.
Solving a tri-criteria best path problem using the fuzzy decision making.
Soft sets over power sets: Generalities and applications to topology.
Steps Toward Sensor-Based Vehicle Navigation in Outdoor Environments Using a Fuzzy Behaviorist Approach.
Models for inverse minimum spanning tree problem with fuzzy edge weights.
Comprehensive Analysis for Structural Damage Based Upon Fuzzy Sets Theory.
Fuzzy affinity hydration model.
Fault diagnoses of steam turbine using the exponential similarity measure of neutrosophic numbers.
Building similarity metrics reflecting utility in case-based reasoning.
Indirect adaptive hierarchical fuzzy sliding mode controller for a class of nonlinear systems.
Just-in-time adaptive similarity component analysis in nonstationary environments.
Enhancing the Failure Mode and Effect Analysis methodology with fuzzy inference techniques.
Regional and Entropy component analysis based remote sensing images fusion.
The multi-attribute group decision making method based on the interval grey linguistic variables weighted aggregation operator.
Crossing the fuzzy front end chasm: Effective product project concept selection using a 2-tuple fuzzy linguistic approach.
Approaches for multi-attribute group decision making based on intuitionistic trapezoid fuzzy linguistic power aggregation operators.
Fuzzy classifier based on fuzzy support vector machine.
Local energy-based framework for feature ranking.
Triangular Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy Bonferroni mean and application to supplier selection.
Recommendation system based on multilingual entity matching on linked open data.
The new weighted magnitude mean value and variance of fuzzy numbers.
A reinforcement learning algorithm with fuzzy approximation for semi Markov decision problems.
Mehar and Keerat method for solving system of fuzzy complex linear equations.
Logistic discrimination based on G-mean and F-measure for imbalanced problem.
Linguistic assessment information risky multi-criteria decision-making about wind power investment.
OWA aggregation over a continuous fuzzy argument with applications in fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making.
Degrees of continuous mappings, open mappings, and closed mappings in L-fuzzifying topological spaces.
An improved decoding procedure and seeker optimization algorithm for reverse logistics network design problem.
A kind of new rough set: Rough soft sets and rough soft rings.
Fuzzy hyper h-ideals of hyper BCK-algebras.
Semantic polarity detection of Chinese multiword expression in microblogging based on discriminative latent model.
Generalized L-separations and generalized L-Urysohn spaces.
Bandwidth-aware multi round task scheduling algorithm for cloud computing.
A hierarchical fuzzy cluster ensemble approach and its application to big data clustering.
An expert system approach for the choice of appropriate data types in a Fuzzy Database.
A fuzzy logic system for steady-state security analysis of power networks.
Falling fuzzy ideals of hemirings.
An empirical study on optimizing query transformation on semantic peer-to-peer networks.
Dynamic observers-a neural net approach.
A new fuzzy TOPSIS for fuzzy MADM problems under group decisions.
Linguistic quantifiers modeled by interval-valued intuitionistic Sugeno integrals<sup>1</sup>.
Combining grey relational analysis and TOPSIS concepts for evaluating the technical innovation capability of high technology enterprises with fuzzy information.
Uncertainty measure of Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy &#54447; equivalence information systems.
A Tightly Coupled Approach to Fuzzy Syntactic Parsing and Neural Networks for Event-Synchronous Signal Inspection.
Review of ANFIS-based control of induction motors.
A fuzzy grey model based on the compromise ranking for multi-criteria group decision making problems in manufacturing systems.
Strong and superstrong vertices in intuitionistic fuzzy graphs.
Cooperative multi-robot path planning using differential evolution.
Optimal simultaneous siting and sizing of DGs and capacitors considering reconfiguration in smart automated distribution systems.
Mamdani approach for 2% wave run-up on breakwaters.
A new mobile robot navigation method using fuzzy logic and a modified Q-learning algorithm.
Goals, arguments, and deception: A formal representation from the Aurangzeb project. I: An episode from the succession war.
S-transform and ANFIS for detecting and classifying the vibration signals of induction motor.
A Two-Level Architecture for Fuzzy Learning.
A textural view of soft fuzzy rough sets.
Methods for achieving susceptibility to consensus for conflict profiles.
Fuzzy risk analysis based on the novel fuzzy ranking with new arithmetic operations of linguistic fuzzy numbers.
On L-fuzzy topogenous orders.
Pseudo-uninorms and Atanassov's intuitionistic pseudo-uninorms.
A fuzzy-swarm based approach for the coordination of unmanned aerial vehicles.
Multiple objective test suite optimization: A fuzzy logic based approach.
Constructing optimal fuzzy models using statistical information criteria.
A new unscented transform for considering wind turbine uncertainty in ED problem based on SSO algorithm.
A nonlinear system identification approach based on Fuzzy Wavelet Neural Network.
Two-dimensional Legendre wavelet method for the numerical solutions of fuzzy integro-differential equations.
Fuzzy control of two-station queueing networks with two types of customers.
Optimal operational management of a micro-grid, including high penetration level of renewable energy resources.
Fuzzy multivariate process capability vector.
A hierarchical algorithm for fuzzy template matching in emotional facial images.
Solving temporal over-constrained problems using fuzzy techniques.
A shared cache-aware Task scheduling strategy for multi-core systems.
A photovoltaic array simulator based on current feedback fuzzy PID control.
A new model based on a fuzzy quasi-metric type Baire applied to analysis of complexity.
A new dialogue strategy in multi-agent systems.
Fuzzy rule-based analysis of spatio-temporal ATM usage data for fraud detection and prevention<sup>1</sup>.
Covering-based multi-granulation fuzzy rough sets.
Moving object detection and tracking in video by cellular learning automata and gradient method in fuzzy domain.
An economic order quantity model considering different holding costs for imperfect quality items subject to fuzziness and learning.
Fuzzy decision making with induced heavy aggregation operators and distance measures.
Neuro-Fuzzy Identifiers and Controllers.
Virtual teaching and learning environments: Automatic evaluation with symbolic regression.
Adaptive patch based texture synthesis using contourlet transform.
Approach to multiple attribute decision making with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information and its application.
Multi sensor fire hazard monitoring in underground coal mine based on fuzzy inference system.
Non-probabilistic uncertain static responses of imprecisely defined structures with fuzzy parameters.
Research on the foreign language teaching effectiveness evaluation with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Speed control of induction motors using neuro-fuzzy dynamic sliding mode control.
Correlative pattern based data aggregation mechanism for WSN.
Identification of Discrete-Time Dynamical Systems Via Recurrent Fuzzy Models.
A hybrid intelligent-based linear-nonlinear model for accurate daily peak load forecasting.
Multi-objective structural design problem optimization using parameterized t-norm based fuzzy optimization programming technique.
A fuzzy logic model to determine the effects of die/blank holder angle and punch radius on drawing ratio in angular deep drawing dies.
Monitoring pilot "Situation Awareness".
Functional equations related to fuzzy sets and representable orderings<sup>1</sup>.
Fusion devices and changes of belief.
Approaches to multiple attribute decision making with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic information.
A fuzzy group linear programming technique for multidimentional analysis of preference.
Fuzzy 1-type and 2-type positive implicative filters of pseudo-BCK algebras<sup>1</sup>.
Models for selecting an ERP system with hesitant fuzzy linguistic information.
Categories of fuzzy preorders, approximation operators and Alexandrov topologies<sup>1</sup>.
A new approach for forecasting enrollments using harmony search algorithm.
Confidence interval of generalized Taguchi index.
Isomorphic properties of neighborly irregular vague graphs.
Approximate reasoning mechanism: internal, external, and hybrid.
Adaptive fuzzy sliding mode control for synchronization of uncertain non-identical chaotic systems using bacterial foraging optimization.
Structural modeling of the wind's influence over the heat flow of the greenhouses.
Risk assessment method for mass unexpected incident in city with hesitant fuzzy linguistic information.
FUZZYSS'2011: 2nd International Fuzzy Systems Symposium 17-18 November 2011, Ankara, Turkey.
Generalized fuzzy n-ary subpolygroups endowed with interval valued membership functions.
A generalized similarity measure for fuzzy numbers.
Fuzzy uncertainty in detection and counting the chemically etched tracks.
Existence and uniqueness of solutions for random fuzzy fractional integral and differential equations.
Simplified interval type-2 fuzzy logic system based on new type-reduction.
Classifying sequences by the optimized dissimilarity space embedding approach: A case study on the solubility analysis of the E. coli proteome.
A new evolutionary optimization algorithm for design of low power QPSK backscatter modulator.
Approximation of fuzzy neural networks based on Choquet integral.
A hybrid fuzzy model in nonlinear system modeling.
A modified KH algorithm to solve the optimal reconfiguration problem in the presence of distributed generations.
Computationally Efficient Fuzzy Adaptive Equalizer for Nonlinear Channels.
Building cognizance rule knowledge for fault diagnosis based on fuzzy rough sets<sup>1</sup>.
Intelligent speed control of DC motor using ANFIS.
Fuzzy inference modeling method based on T-S fuzzy system.
A hybrid method based on time frequency analysis and artificial intelligence for classification of power quality events.
A fuzzy approach with required minimum decision tolerances for multi-level multi-objective decision-making problems.
Linear programming approach to find the solution of fully fuzzy linear systems with arbitrary fuzzy coefficients.
Genetic fuzzy classification fusion of multiple SVMs for biomedical data.
A fuzzy-based method for improving recall values in recommender systems.
Generalized fuzzy polygroups endowed with interval valued membership functions.
The properties of fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy prioritized operators and their applications to multi-criteria group decision making.
Hesitant fuzzy linguistic aggregation operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Design of static linear multivariable output feedback controllers using random optimization techniques.
The consistency measures of multi-granularity linguistic group decision making.
Using multiple-strategy evolutionary neural fuzzy network to automatically identify disorientation problems: A Web-based system application.
Improving supervised learning performance by using fuzzy clustering method to select training data.
Model-based containment of process fault dissemination.
Interval-valued dual hesitant fuzzy aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
A multicriteria decision-making method using aggregation operators for simplified neutrosophic sets.
An expected value approach involving linear combination of possibility and necessity measures for a fuzzy EOQ model.
Reasoning with vagueness in hybrid MKNF knowledge bases.
A new prioritized multi-criteria outranking method: The prioritized PROMETHEE.
Proposing a novel approach for classification and sequencing of Learning Objects in E-learning systems based on learning style.
Intelligent classification of bacterial clinical isolates in vitro, using an array of gas sensors.
Higher-order and Hard-nonlinear Control with Fuzzy Logic.
The comparative study of gradual and fuzzy normed linear spaces.
Vector fuzzy C-means.
Knowledge-based extension of model-referenced adaptive control with application to an industrial process.
A decomposition of the cyclic groups of order p and p<sup>2</sup>, where p is a prime number.
Risk assessment of supply chain finance with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Generalized trajectory fuzzy clustering based on the multi-objective mixed function.
Fuzzy (m, n)-ary sub-hypermodules (with thresholds).
Hybrid fuzzy support vector regression analysis.
Problems and solutions for anchoring in multi-robot applications.
Fuzzy modular autonomous intelligent cruise control (AICC) system.
Fuzzy reasoning approach for QoS routing in B-ISDN.
Winner determination for combinatorial auctions for tasks with time and precedence constraints.
Fuzzy Voronoi diagram for disjoint fuzzy numbers of dimension two.
50 Years of fuzzy: from discrete to continuous to - Where?
Evaluation of trapezoidal fuzzy numbers on AHP based solution of multi-objective programming problems.
An entropy clustering analysis based on genetic algorithm.
The optimal solution for several different degrees of feasibility for fuzzy linear and non-linear programming problems.
Optimal power flow using hybrid technique and ANN with FACTS controller.
An incomplete multi-granular linguistic model and its application in emergency decision of unconventional outburst incidents.
Fuzzy load shedding strategy based on the anticipation of the point of voltage collapse.
Fuzzy Precompensation of PD Controllers For Systems with Deadzones.
Covering multigranulation trapezoidal fuzzy decision-theoretic rough fuzzy set models and applications.
Prediction of resin bonded sand core properties using fuzzy logic.
An intelligent method to reduce losses in distribution networks using self-adaptive harmony search algorithm.
Convex hull and closure of a fuzzy set.
A fuzzy model for human fall detection in infrared video.
Automatic generation of first order Takagi-Sugeno systems using fuzzy c-elliptotypes clustering.
Common fixed points for hybrid pairs of maps in modified intuitionistic fuzzy metric spaces.
Special fuzzy ellipsoid numbers and expressions of information.
A new similarity measure of fuzzy numbers.
Autonomous Robotic Mining Excavation Using Fuzzy Logic and Neural Networks.
Design of real-time reconfigurable fuzzy logic controller with M-FRHC rule reduction technique.
Optimal placement of distributed generation in radial networks considering reliability and cost indices.
Some results for dual hesitant fuzzy sets.
Relationships between L-fuzzy quasi-uniform structures and L-fuzzy topologies.
Developing a new project risk ranking model by means of jackknife resampling method consider interval analysis.
Support vector classification with fuzzy hyperplane.
Fuzzy variable based fuzzy non-linear programming approach for optimization of complex system reliability.
Uncertain random newsboy problem.
A textural view of semi-separation axioms in soft fuzzy topological spaces.
Handling temporal constraints with preferences in HTN planning for emergency decision-making.
Topsis method for multiple attribute decision making under trapezoidal intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
An improving SRL model with word sense information using an improved synergetic neural network model.
Rough set over dual-universes in intuitionistic fuzzy approximation space and its application.
Complexity reduction of influence nets using arc removal.
Neuro-fuzzy controller design via modeling human operator actions.
Decision making based on generalized geometric operator under interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Cooperative co-evolutionary neural networks.
SP-compactness and SP-connectedness degree in L-fuzzy pretopological spaces.
Comparison study of nonlinear controllers for a single generator-infinite bus power system.
A novel 3D model retrieval system based on three-view sketches.
The free product of <i>M</i>-fuzzifying matroids<sup>1</sup>.
Improved similarity measure in neutrosophic environment and its application in finding minimum spanning tree.
Subsethood measure for single valued neutrosophic sets.
A method of fuzzy multiple attribute decision making based on the error-eliminating theory.
A Mass Optimizing Group Identification Classification Algorithm (MOGICA) used for intelligent fault diagnosis.
Total ordering defined on the set of all intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Optimal models in price competition supply chain under a fuzzy decision environment.
A fast Algorithm for mining fuzzy frequent itemsets.
Common set of weights approach in fuzzy DEA with an application.
Adaptive neuro-fuzzy nonsingular terminal attractor and its application in high-performance AC power conditioners.
Control of overhead cranes using a fuzzy logic controller.
Some properties of vague graphs with application.
Two novel fuzzy clustering methods for solving data clustering problems.
A fuzzy system index to preserve interpretability in deep tuning of fuzzy rule based classifiers.
Models for real estate investment decision-making with hesitant fuzzy information.
A new measure of inaccuracy with its application to multi-criteria decision making under intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Using fuzzy places and hypertokens to reduce the number of states in stochastic Petri nets.
Neuro-fuzzy approaches to decision making: A comparative study with an application to check authorization.
A low energy adaptive clustering multi-hop routing protocol based on fuzzy decision.
Evidence equilibrium: Nash equilibrium in judgment processes.
Fractional robust control design for fuzzy dynamical systems: An optimal approach.
Automatic speed control of an asymmetrical six-phase induction motor using emotional controller (BELBIC).
Research on supply chain risk assessment with intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Fuzzy Partition Entropies and Entropy Constrained Fuzzy Clustering Algorithms.
Model reference adaptive fuzzy control of a shunt active power filter.
Fuzzy individual and moving range control charts with alpha-cuts.
A study on intuitionistic fuzzy sets in &#915;-semihypergroups.
Formalizing fuzzy object-oriented database models using fuzzy ontologies.
An efficient complex event processing system having the ability of parallel processing and multi event pattern sharing.
On the stability of solutions of fuzzy differential equations in the quotient space of fuzzy numbers.
Weather prediction using fuzzy sets and inference methodology.
Monadic BE-algebras.
A spatially-adaptive neural network approach to regularized image restoration.
Discrete-time linear systems with fuzzy dynamics.
A Gr&ouml;bner basis approach for finding positive solution of fully fuzzy polynomial equations systems.
A bio-inspired scheduler for minimizing makespan and flowtime of computational mechanics applications on federated clouds.
State feedback H<sup>infty</sup> controller design for fuzzy dynamic systems.
A prioritized aggregation operator based on the OWA operator and prioritized measure.
A fuzzy based approach for fitness approximation in multi-objective evolutionary algorithms.
Fuzzy approximate continuity.
Fuzzy detour g-interior nodes and fuzzy detour g-boundary nodes of a fuzzy graph.
Fuzzy decision making and consensus: Challenges.
An integrated fuzzy decision approach for product design and evaluation.
A framework for developing intelligent decision support systems using evolutionary fuzzy cognitive maps.
Topsis method for hybrid multiple attribute decision making with 2-tuple linguistic information and its application to computer network security evaluation.
An automatic method for CVSS score prediction using vulnerabilities description.
A variable precision interval type-2 fuzzy rough set model for attribute reduction.
Morphological analysis of 3D SPECT images via nilpotent t-norms in diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Some types of falling fuzzy filters of BL-algebras and its applications.
A hybrid intelligent system of ANFIS and CAPM for stock portfolio optimization.
Modeling fuzzy relational database in HBase.
Bipolar soft groups.
Roughness in n-ary semigroups based on fuzzy ideals.
Model for evaluating the commercial banks financial risk with interval grey uncertain linguistic variables.
On single valued neutrosophic relations.
Fuzzy confidence interval for fuzzy process capability index.
Fuzzy control for nuclear reactor operation - strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats.
On &#963;-bounded variation and ideal convergence of fuzzy sequences.
Dstatcom allocation in the distribution system considering load uncertainty.
Fuzzy vs. "manual" control in a FeNi plant.
Iterative adaptive subdivision surface approach to reduce memory consumption in rendering process (IteAS).
An optimal design for type-2 fuzzy logic system using hybrid of chaos firefly algorithm and genetic algorithm and its application to sea level prediction.
An evaluation of quality goals by using fuzzy AHP and fuzzy TOPSIS methodology.
Manufacturing operations outsourcing through an artificial team process algorithm.
A fuzzy neural architecture for customer satisfaction assessment.
Rotationally invariant filter bank for pattern recognition of noisy images.
Fuzzy cost-based feature selection using interval multi-objective particle swarm optimization algorithm.
Indexing and querying algorithm based on structure indexing for managing massive-scale RDF data.
Ordered semigroups characterized by interval valued (&#949;, &#949; &Uacute;\vee q)-fuzzy bi-ideals.
Multi-source information fusion model in rule-based Gaussian-shaped fuzzy control inference system incorporating Gaussian density function.
Soft supra strongly generalized closed sets.
Regularity of vague graphs.
Degrees of countable compactness and the Lindel&ouml;f property of L-fuzzy sets.
Decision method for two-sided matching with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets considering matching aspirations.
Prime fuzzy (implicative) MP-filters of R<sub>0</sub>-algebras.
Improved Particle Swarm Optimization algorithms for electromagnetic optimization.
An intelligent model for cost prediction in new product development projects.
The fuzzy dynamic programming problems.
Pattern analysis by active learning method classifier.
An undesirable-output-considered super-efficiency DEA model and its illustration in evaluation of thermoelectric enterprises.
Derivation of Fuzzy Rules for Model-Free Tuning of PID Controllers.
Intuitionistic fuzzy exponential divergence: Application in multi-attribute decision making.
Topological relation analysis between high-order fuzzy regions based on fuzzy logic.
Multicriteria Fuzzy Control.
An intelligent NIR camera calibration method for optical surgical navigation system.
Credibility hypothesis testing of expectation of fuzzy normal distribution.
Indirect adaptive fuzzy control for flexible-joint robot manipulators using voltage control strategy.
Product vague graphs and its applications.
Managing business intelligence in a virtual enterprise: A case study and knowledge management lessons learned.
Fuzziness based sample categorization for classifier performance improvement.
Sequencing problem for a hull mixed-model assembly line considering manufacturing complexity.
Application of L-fuzzy soft sets to semirings.
Algebraic and topological structures on factorizations of fuzzy sets<sup>1</sup>.
Evaluation of strip nesting algorithms: An experimentation system for the practical users.
Analysis of gas metal arc welding process using GA tuned fuzzy rule based system.
A linguistic truth-valued reasoning approach in decision making with incomparable information.
The capacitated facility location-allocation problem under uncertain environment.
Fuzzy system of linear equations with crisp coefficients.
Special issue: Engineering agents in the ambient.
Recognition of driver's fatigue expression using Local Multiresolution Derivative Pattern.
IMTL(MV)-filters and fuzzy IMTL(MV)-filters of residuated lattices.
Revisiting separation properties of convex fuzzy sets.
Multi-objective dynamic fuzzy scheduling and its algorithm in product collaborative design considering emergency.
Vague graphs with application.
Optimal fuzzy regulator.
Intelligent guidance method based on differential geometric guidance command and fuzzy self-adaptive guidance law.
Research on the efficiency evaluation of venture capital of high-science and technology companies with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Hierarchical adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference systems trained by evolutionary algorithms to model plasma spray coating process.
Fuzzy control and wavelet transform-based energy management strategy design of a hybrid tracked bulldozer.
A new multiobjective genetic programming approach using compromise distance ranking for automated design of nonlinear system design.
Optimization of a multi-modal tree hub location network with transportation energy consumption: A fuzzy approach.
A comparison of PCA, ICA and GA selected features for cloud field classification.
A new approach to detecting active rule confluence with exclusive rules during an indeterminable rule process.
A procedure ontology for advanced diagnosis of process systems.
A frame level fuzzy video rate controller for variable bit rate applications of HEVC.
Defending false data injection attack on smart grid network using neuro-fuzzy controller.
Weighted fuzzy transform and its application for approximation of discrete functions by continuous functions.
Evaluation method for pedestrian level of service on sidewalks based on fuzzy neural network model.
From low-level geometric features to high-level semantics: An axiomatic fuzzy set clustering approach.
Choquet fuzzy integral based verification of handwritten signatures.
Interval-valued fuzzy derivatives and solution to interval-valued fuzzy differential equations.
Intuitionistic fuzzy multi-attribute decision making with ideal-point-based method and correlation measure.
A study on bipolar fuzzy graphs.
Generalized statistically convergent sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Fuzzy comprehensive evaluation based on multi-attribute group decision making for business intelligence system.
Expected values of functions of fuzzy variables.
Model for evaluating the design patterns of the Micro-Air vehicle under interval-valued intuitionistic uncertain linguistic environment.
Fuzzy partial (pseudo-)metric spaces.
Optimal phasor measurement units placement to maintain network observability using a novel binary particle swarm optimization and fuzzy system.
Some completeness results in terms of infinite series and quotient spaces in intuitionistic fuzzy n-normed linear spaces.
Almost disturbance decoupling of nonlinear systems with mismatch uncertainties via feedback linearization approach and fuzzy logic control.
A committee machine based soft sensor as an alternative to multiphase flow meter for oil flow rate prediction of the wells.
Fuzzy multicriteria R&amp;D project selection with a real options valuation model.
Fuzzy anisotropic diffusion based on edge detection.
A hybrid fuzzy approach for the closed-loop supply chain network design under uncertainty.
Models for multiple attribute decision making method in hesitant triangular fuzzy setting.
Normal intuitionistic fuzzy Bonferroni mean operators and their applications to multiple attribute group decision making.
Hybrid Feedback Linearization/Fuzzy Logic Control of a Flexible Link Manipulator.
A novel approach for sensitivity analysis in linear programs with trapezoidal fuzzy numbers.
A Review of Probabilistic, Fuzzy, and Neural Models for Pattern Recognition.
Leveraging local receptive fields based random weights networks for hyperspectral image classification.
Fuzzy fast classification algorithm with hybrid of ID3 and SVM.
Neo-fuzzy neuron model for seasonal rainfall forecast: A case study of Ceara's eight homogenous regions.
Some I-convergent multiplier double classes of sequences of fuzzy numbers defined by Orlicz functions.
Intelligent approaches for linear controllers tuning with application to temperature control.
An efficient genetic-based downlink resource allocation scheme in LTE base stations.
A novel Bi-Ant colony optimization algorithm for solving multi-objective service selection problem.
A hesitant fuzzy linguistic multi-granularity decision making model based on distance measures.
A study on fuzzy labeling graphs.
Project investment decision making with fuzzy information: A literature review of methodologies based on taxonomy.
A novel modification approach based on MTLBO algorithm for optimal management of renewable micro-grids in power systems.
Critic learning in multi agent credit assignment problem.
Two-Pass Orthogonal Least-Squares Algorithm to Train and Reduce the Complexity of Fuzzy Logic Systems.
Multi-criteria group decision making method based on intuitionistic linguistic aggregation operators.
Approaches to dynamic multiple attribute decision making with 2-tuple linguistic information.
Automatic network protocol message format analysis.
Decision-theoretic rough set approach for fuzzy decisions based on fuzzy probability measure and decision making.
General type-2 fuzzy logic systems based on refinement constraint triangulated irregular network.
Integrating LINMAP and TOPSIS methods for hesitant fuzzy multiple attribute decision making.
Implementation of a virtual environment for traffic accident simulation.
Multimodal fingerprint verification by score-level fusion: An experimental investigation.
Selecting Input Variables for Fuzzy Models.
High-Performance Digital Defuzzification and Defuzzifier Circuit.
Fuzzy logic supported corner detection.
Image denoising using bilateral filter in subsampled pyramid and nonsubsampled directional filter bank domain.
Fuzzy-based mapping algorithms to design networks-on-chip.
Redundancy of fuzzy soft topological spaces.
Feedback linearization of nonlinear systems using fuzzy logic.
Trapezoid fuzzy 2-tuple linguistic aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
Fuzzy SWOT analysis.
Intuitionistic fuzzy stability of the generalized forms of cubic and quartic functional equations.
Steam turbine fault diagnosis based on single-valued neutrosophic multigranulation rough sets over two universes.
Some power generalized aggregation operators based on the interval neutrosophic sets and their application to decision making.
A supervised method for retinal image vessel segmentation by embedded learning and classification.
On enriched L-topologies: Base and subbase.
Krylov subspace method for fuzzy eigenvalue problem.
Generalized statistically convergent sequences of functions in fuzzy 2-normed spaces.
CMOS implementation of a novel analog multiplier/divider to realize centroid strategy in defuzzifier block.
A performance-efficient and datapath-regular implementation of modified split-radix fast Fourier transform.
Hybrid control of magnetically controlled shape memory alloy actuator based on Krasnosel'skii-Pokrovskii model.
Certain types of vague cycles and vague trees.
GRA method for multiple criteria group decision making with incomplete weight information under hesitant fuzzy setting.
The human sensory system as a collection of specialized fuzzifiers: A conceptual framework to inspire new artificial intelligent systems computing with words.
A study on the cognitive model of robot sensorimotor system1.
The lattice of generalized normal L-subgroups.
Research and design of intelligent control and precision sowing simulation system for wheat.
Induced hesitant interval-valued fuzzy Einstein aggregation operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Stonean Hilbert algebra.
An input relaxation measure of efficiency in fuzzy data envelopment analysis (FDEA).
An approach to multiple attributes decision making with hesitant interval-valued fuzzy information and its application.
Models for software quality evaluation with fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Fuzzy inference rule based image despeckling using adaptive maximum likelihood estimation.
A fuzzy matching approach for design pattern mining.
On maximal filters in triangle algebras.
Vague linguistic matrix game approach for multi-criteria decision making with uncertain weights.
A new nonparametric density estimation for probabilistic security-constrained economic dispatch.
Evaluation method for innovation capability and efficiency of high technology enterprises with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information.
A rule induction algorithm in incomplete decision table based on attribute order.
Multi-ary &#945;-semantic resolution automated reasoning based on lattice-valued first-order logic LF (X)<sup>1</sup>.
Fuzzy Clustering Neural Network (FCNN): Competitive Learning and Parallel Architecture.
Applying genetic algorithms and support vector machines to the gene selection problem.
Hierarchies on fuzzy information granulations: A knowledge distance based lattice approach.
Energy manegement using fuzzy controller for hybrid electrical vehicles.
The core configuration for fuzzy games.
Model for software quality evaluation with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic information.
Inpatient admission assessment in West China Hospital based on hesitant fuzzy linguistic VIKOR method.
Mamdani and Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy classifier accuracy improvement using enhanced particle swarm optimization.
A novel accuracy function under interval-valued Pythagorean fuzzy environment for solving multicriteria decision making problem.
Automatic generation of fuzzy rules using hyper-elliptic-cone membership functions by genetic algorithms.
Computer Aided Taguchi-Fuzzy Multi-Optimization of laser cutting process.
Ranking based ontology scheming using eigenpair computation.
Similarity of learned helplessness in human being and fuzzy reinforcement learning algorithms.
Fuzzy stochastic differential equations of decreasing fuzziness: Approximate solutions.
Process control using genetic algorithm and ant colony optimization algorithm.
A risk assessment approach for failure mode and effects analysis based on intuitionistic fuzzy sets and evidence theory.
A Fuzzy linguistic prolog and its applications.
Fuzzy rule-based and control charts.
A memetic gravitation search algorithm for solving DNA fragment assembly problems.
Modeling, stability analysis and computational aspects of nonlinear fuzzy PID controllers.
An intelligent self-adaption complex event processing framework with dynamic context detection and automatic event pattern modification abilities.
A Fast, Noniterative Method to Generate Fuzzy Inference Rules From Observed Data.
Challenges for future intelligent systems in biomedicine.
Structure and parameter learning of neuro-fuzzy systems: A methodology and a comparative study.
Fuzzy logic control implementation considerations and complexity analyses.
Image classification for the quality control of watches.
Special issue: Hybrid approaches for approximate reasoning.
Identifying emerging topics in a technological domain.
A multi-context processor for real-time concurrent tasks fuzzy reasoning.
Hybrid rule interval variation (HRIV) method for stabilizing a class of nonlinear systems.
Global existence of solutions to fuzzy partial hyperbolic functional differential equations with generalized Hukuhara derivatives.
Uncertainty modelling of atmospheric dispersion model using fuzzy set and imprecise probability.
Applied computer technologies in clinical decision support systems for pain management: A systematic review.
Statistical nonparametric test based on the intuitionistic fuzzy data.
H<sub>2</sub> Control design for fuzzy dynamic systems via LMI.
Combination of OSELM classifiers with fuzzy integral for large scale classification.
Mining the Web: Discovering Knowledge from Hypertext Data, by Soumen Chakrabarti and Morgan Kaufmann.
Editorial.
Production performance evaluation based on rough set theory and wavelet neural network.
Using feed forward neural network for electrocardiogram signal analysis in chaotic domain.
A comparative study of the use of fuzzy logic in e-learning systems.
Degree and total degree of edges in bipolar fuzzy graphs with application.
Study on detection of preceding vehicles based on convolution neural network.
Fuzzy Inference System Based on Fuzzy Associative Memory.
Mining fuzzy frequent itemsets based on UBFFP trees.
A trust model between cloud entities using fuzzy mathematics.
SWOT analysis revisited through PEAK-framework.
Uncertain block replacement policy with no replacement at failure.
A new fuzzy particle swarm optimization based on population diversity.
Dynamic fuzzy game decision about supply chain resource integration in online shopping.
Bivariate shrinkage using undecimated dual-tree complex wavelet transform for image denoising.
Ranking vague sets using TOPSIS method.
Interval-valued <i>T</i>-fuzzy filters and interval-valued <i>T</i>-fuzzy congruences on residuated lattices.
Evaluation of Simulated Annealing to solve fuzzy optimization problems.
An image reconstruction technique based on IPSO-DWT under varying crack.
Fuzzy Set Methods for Assessing Uncertainty in the Modeling and Control of Space Structures.
Mineral prospectivity mapping for Porphyry-type and hydrothermal vein-type copper deposits using fuzzy analytical hierarchy process and geographic information system.
An extended TOPSIS method for multiple attribute group decision making based on single valued neutrosophic linguistic numbers.
Some characterizations of ternary semigroups by the properties of their (&#8712;<sub>&#947;</sub>, &#8712;<sub>&gt;&#947;</sub>&#8897;q<sub>&gt;&#948;</sub>)-fuzzy ideals.
Evaluation of anterior fontanel size and area in the newborn using CT images.
Distribution network design of a decentralized supply chain with fuzzy committed distributors.
Reliable fuzzy output feedback control of nonlinear parabolic distributed parameter systems with sensor faults<sup>1</sup>.
Comparison of advanced learning algorithms for short-term load forecasting.
Social network analysis based approach to group decision making problem with fuzzy preference relations.
Modeling and querying fuzzy spatiotemporal objects.
Lattice and metric completions of the classical logic metric space and a comparison<sup>1</sup>.
Effective approach for an extended P-skyline query.
The numerical solution of nonlinear Hammerstein fuzzy integral equations by using fuzzy wavelet like operator.
A prediction model for traffic emission based on interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy sets and case-based reasoning theory.
A stepwise fuzzy linear programming model with possibility and necessity relations.
On cyclic (&#968;, &#966;)-contractions in Kaleva-Seikkala's type fuzzy metric spaces.
An intelligent stochastic method based on fuzzy cloud theory for modeling uncertainty effects in the renewable micro-grids.
Filters of ordered semigroups based on the fuzzy points.
Designing a neural network using a genetic algorithm with deterministic mutation and partial fitness.
An approach to evaluating the knowledge management performance with interval-valued intuitionistic uncertain linguistic information.
Analysis of global solution of functional fuzzy integral equations using Krasnoselskii-Burton fixed point theorem.
A Polyphony Learning Software (PLS) based on gesture recognition by fuzzy inference system.
Evaluation of customer satisfaction of "Door-to-Door" whole-process logistic service with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Approach to multiple attribute decision making with hesitant triangular fuzzy information and their application to customer credit risk assessment.
Optimization of electrospinning process using intelligent control systems.
Linguistic variable, hedges and several distances on complex fuzzy sets.
Output tracking H&#8734; fuzzy control of nonlinear time-delay systems via Fuzzy Performance Evaluator.
Some 2-tuple linguistic generalized power aggregation operators and their applications to multiple attribute group decision making.
Bottom-up design of Class 2 silicon nerve membrane.
Multiple attribute decision-making method based on the possibility degree ranking method and ordered weighted aggregation operators of interval neutrosophic numbers.
A method for 2-tuple linguistic dynamic multiple attribute decision making with entropy weight.
People recognition by mobile robots.
Design and implementation of a variable-structure adaptive fuzzy-logic yaw controller for large wind turbines.
Weakly fuzzy efficient conditions for multiobjective fractional programming problem.
Fuzzy rules extraction based on output-interval clustering and support vector regression for forecasting.
New travel time prediction algorithms for intelligent transportation systems.
A multivariate fuzzy system applied for outliers detection.
User authority ranking models for community question answering<sup>1</sup>.
Assessing Chinese campus building energy performance using fuzzy analytic network approach.
Axioms for fuzzy bases of Hsueh fuzzy matroids.
Intelligent fuzzy distance and cruise control for passenger cars.
Shooting-inspired fuzzy logic expert system for ready-mixed concrete plants.
Some uncertain generalized Shapley aggregation operators for multi-attribute group decision making.
Intelligent agents for alarm management in petroleum ambient.
Unsupervised clustering of vibration signals for identifying anomalous conditions in a nuclear turbine.
Further study on local stabilization of continuous-time nonlinear systems presented as Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy model.
Hybrid Position and Image Based Visual Servoing for mobile robots.
Two Intelligent Control Systems for Silicon Carbide Whisker Production.
Channel equalization using quasi type-2 fuzzy strategies.
Similarity functions for generalized trapezoidal fuzzy numbers: An improved comparative analysis.
A binomial noised model for cluster validation.
Design and implementation of an intelligent exam management system based on B/S structure for Hebei University.
The theory of neutrosophic cubic sets and their applications in pattern recognition.
Performance evaluation of stand alone solar photovoltaic system using ANFIS predicted solar radiation: An experimental case study.
Active vibration adaptive fuzzy backstepping control of a 7-DOF dual-arm of humanoid robot with input saturation.
Risk ranking in mega projects by fuzzy compromise approach: A comparative analysis.
TOPSIS method for interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy multiple attribute decision making and its application to teaching quality evaluation.
Towards an optimal degree of design coupling through fuzzy analysis.
An extension of fuzzy topological approach for comparison of genetic sequences.
A confident supply chain network model using credibility measure under uncertainty condition.
Power transformer protection scheme based on MRA-SSVM.
A new identification method for use in nonlinear prediction.
Sensor selection in neuro-fuzzy modelling and fault diagnosis in HVAC system.
The local existence of solutions for random fuzzy integro-differential equations under generalized H-differentiability.
Point operators for intuitionistic multiplicative information.
A new attitude coupled with fuzzy thinking to fuzzy rings and fields.
On the fault diagnosis problem for non-linear systems: A fuzzy sliding-mode observer approach<sup>1</sup>.
An efficient algorithm to determine M-matrix membership degree of fuzzy matrices.
A dissimilarity measure based Fuzzy c-means (FCM) clustering algorithm.
A wide-range operation intelligent coordinated control system for a fossil-fuel power unit.
On fuzzy ellipsoid numbers and membership functions.
Stratified simplex method for solving fuzzy multi-objective linear programming problem.
New feature extraction approach for bank note classification using Quaternion Wavelets.
A study on soft Z-congruence relations over hemirings.
Single chip digital CMOS implementation of a reconfigurable fuzzy logic traffic controller.
Intelligent bush fire spread prediction using fuzzy cellular automata.
A sufficient stochastic framework based on U-transform to solve the practical reconfiguration strategy.
New models for monitoring and clustering of the state of plant species based on semantic spaces.
Rule generation and model selection used for medical diagnosis.
On CDH fuzzy spaces.
Project method for multiple attribute group decision making with two-tuple linguistic information.
A Singular-Value-QR Decomposition Based Method for Training Fuzzy Logic Systems in Uncertain Environments.
Statistical analysis of frequency graph for traveling salesman problem.
A linguistic approach to concurrent design.
Applications of rough soft sets in BCI-algebras and decision making.
Association response by understanding commonsense in conversation system.
Facial expression recognition using computationally intelligent techniques.
Application of multi-class support vector machines for power system on-line static security assessment using DT - based feature and data selection algorithms.
Fuzzy fractional initial value problem.
Fuzzy Bayes and Fuzzy Markov Predictors.
I &#952; -statistical and p-Ces&agrave;ro summability of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Fuzzy group decision-making with generalized probabilistic OWA operators.
On a generalized fuzzy goal optimization for solving fuzzy multi-objective linear programming problems.
On the Dynamics and Applications of a Discrete Time Binary Neural Network with Time Delay.
A fuzzy based secure QoS routing protocol using ant colony optimization for mobile Ad hoc network.
A single-objective genetic-fuzzy approach for multi-objective fuzzy problems.
Correlation analysis and performance evaluation of distance measures for evolutionary neural networks.
On sampling strategies for small and continuous data with the modeling of genetic programming and adaptive neuro-fuzzy inference system.
Comparison between statistical and multiresolution wavelets analysis methods for speech classifications.
Mixed H<sub>2</sub>/H<sub>infinity</sub> region-based fuzzy controller design for continuous-time fuzzy systems.
Fuzzy Model Reference Learning Control.
Fuzzy artificial neural network (p, d, q) model for incomplete financial time series forecasting.
A novel membership value based performance measure.
Fuzzy control method for a steering system consisting of a four-wheel individual steering and four-wheel individual drive electric chassis.
An approach to the fuzzification of complete lattices.
Algorithm for computing transition probability between components in Internetware.
Editorial.
Classifier based on GA-optimized choquet integrals and its application on foreground detection<sup>1</sup>.
Reconstructing Binary Signals by Rule-Based Fuzzy Equalizer with Self-Organizing Capability.
Rehabilitation of R.C.beams using natural fibre (Jute) reinforced polymer composites.
TOPSIS method for hesitant fuzzy multiple attribute decision making.
Model-based fuzzy controller design for time-delay affine Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy models via ILMI algorithm.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy hybrid weighted averaging operator based on Einstein operation and its application to decision making.
A method for multi-attribute decision making applying soft rough sets.
A neuro-fuzzy immune inspired classifier for task-oriented texts.
Optimal solution for a single period inventory model with fuzzy cost and demand as a fuzzy random variable.
A novel EEG feature extraction method based on OEMD and CSP algorithm.
Design by Fuzzy Association of Needs-to-Functions-to-Structures.
Collaborative rule generation: An ensemble learning approach.
A Multi-Input Multi-Output Functional Artificial Neural Network.
Design optimization of a cable actuated parallel ankle rehabilitation robot: A fuzzy based multi-objective evolutionary approach.
Controlling multi variable traffic light timing in an isolated intersection using a novel fuzzy algorithm.
Optimisation and rule firing analysis in fuzzy logic based maximum power point tracking.
Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy grade of a sequence of fuzzy sets and join spaces determined by a hypergraph.
Fuzzy Control of a Nonlinear Servomotor Model.
Vehicle routing optimum model of hazardous materials transportation under fuzzy environment.
The evaluation and improvement of process quality by using the fuzzy sets theory and genetic algorithm approach.
A new metaheuristic feature subset selection approach for image steganalysis.
Applications of fuzzy integrals for predicting software fault-prone.
Design of a hybrid adaptive fuzzy and neural network controller for nonlinear laser alloying process.
A kind of Lagrange dynamic simplified modeling method for multi-DOF robot<sup>1</sup>.
One-against-all and one-against-one based neuro-fuzzy classifiers.
World knowledge for sensors and estimators by models and internal models.
Performance evaluation models for parallel computing with dual hesitant fuzzy information.
Intuitionistic fuzzy non linear programming problem: Modeling and optimization in manufacturing systems.
A new frequency control approach for isolated WT/FC/UC power system using improved fuzzy PSO &amp; maximum power point tracking of the WT system.
Sequential sampling plan using fuzzy SPRT.
Comparing traditional and fuzzy-set solutions to (Q, r) inventory systems with discrete lead-time distributions.
Supply chain coordination by revenue-sharing contract with fuzzy demand.
Some new hybrid weighted aggregation operators under hesitant fuzzy multi-criteria decision making environment.
Fuzzy cut-stable map and its extension property<sup>1</sup>.
Characterizations of regular ordered semigroups by generalized fuzzy ideals.
Generalized dynamical fuzzy model for identification and prediction.
A parametrisable system for physically plausible surface inspection.
On some similarity measures and entropy on quadripartitioned single valued neutrosophic sets.
Improving the performance of comprehensive learning particle swarm optimizer.
Template-Based Fuzzy Systems Modeling.
Fault diagnosis in industry using sensor readings and case-based reasoning.
Uncertainty modeling for database design using intuitionistic and rough set theory.
On the performance evaluation of intuitionistic vector similarity measures for medical diagnosis<sup>1</sup>.
A neural network based approach for protein structural class prediction.
Design and tuning of a distributed fuzzy logic controller for flexible-Link manipulators.
An extended TOPSIS method for multiple attribute decision making problems with unknown weight based on 2-dimension uncertain linguistic variables.
(&#966;, &#968;)-weak contractions in intuitionistic fuzzy metric spaces.
Fuzzy logic approach for future load curve forecasting based on similarity.
Designing robust model reference hybrid fuzzy controller based on LYAPUNOV for a class of nonlinear systems.
On the associative property of fuzzy Xor connectives.
Mapping development of linguistic decision making studies.
n-Monotone lower previsions.
Trustworthy services diffusion based on optimizational nodes in online social network.
Aggregation of Evidence in a Fuzzy Knowledge-Based Method for Automated Tuning of Microwave Electric Circuits.
A theorical model design for ERP software selection process under the constraints of cost and quality: A fuzzy approach.
Similarity degrees and uncertainty measures in intuitionistic fuzzy decision tables.
Fuzzy process capability analyses: An application to teaching processes.
Modeling the fuzzy cold storage problem and its solution by a discrete firefly algorithm.
Hybrid velocity switching and fuzzy logic control scheme for cable tunnel inspection robot.
Fuzzy-Algebra Uncertainty Analysis for Abnormal-Environment Safety Assessment.
Solving a novel multi-objective uncapacitated hub location problemby five meta-heuristics.
Improving mobile robot navigation by combining fuzzy reasoning and virtual obstacle algorithm.
Interval extreme learning machine for big data based on uncertainty reduction.
Coalition fuzzy stability analysis in the Graph Model for Conflict Resolution.
Design of a fuzzy bi-objective reliable p-hub center problem.
Multi-attribute decision-making approach based on intuitionistic trapezoidal fuzzy generalized heronian OWA operator.
A residential consumer payment capability index based on fuzzy logic inference.
Engineering applications of computational intelligence.
A synthesis of observer-based controller for stabilizing uncertain T-S fuzzy systems.
Deriving fuzzy weights of criteria from inconsistent fuzzy comparison matrices by using goal programming method.
Development of a hybrid crisp-fuzzy logic algorithm optimised by genetic algorithms for path-planning of an autonomous mobile robot.
Multi-granulation dual hesitant fuzzy rough sets.
Research on comprehensive performance evaluation of communication network based on the fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy information.
Dynamic behaviors in chaotic bidirectional associative memory.
Time consistency of the interval Shapley-like value in dynamic games.
Embankment dam break: Uncertainty of outflow based on fuzzy representation of breach formation parameters.
Modelling and Handling Uncertainties in Mobile Robotics.
Neuro-fuzzy models for prediction of breach formation time of embankment dams.
Investigation of fuzzy inventory model of type (s, S) with Nakagami distributed demands.
A hybrid genetic algorithm for waste collection problem by heterogeneous fleet of vehicles with multiple separated compartments.
On blocks and stars in fuzzy graphs.
Total time minimization of fuzzy transportation problem.
Design and realization of two-wheel micro-mouse diagonal dashing.
GREST - a type-2 fuzzy distance model for group nearest-neighbor queries.
Wind power prediction interval estimation method using wavelet-transform neuro-fuzzy network.
Segmentation of step-like signals using fuzzy clustering.
Tauberian theorems for Ces&agrave;ro summability of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Special issue recent advances in soft computing: Theories and applications.
Multimedia platform to support knowledge processes anytime and anywhere.
Robot manipulator task control with obstacle avoidance using fuzzy behavior-based strategy.
Design of H<sub>&#8734;</sub> estimator by an adaptive fuzzy modeling for a class of nonlinear systems.
Rule base compression in fuzzy systems by filtration of non-monotonic rules.
Approach to multiple attribute decision making based on the intelligence computing with hesitant triangular fuzzy information and their application.
A new method for fuzzy rule base reduction.
Health evaluation of a regional logistics industrial ecosystem in China based on fuzzy matter-element analysis method.
The VIIth Brazilian Symposium on Neural Networks (SBRN'02).
An approach to network security evaluation of computer network information system with triangular fuzzy information.
An extended LINMAP method for MAGDM under linguistic hesitant fuzzy environment.
The real-time shortest path algorithm with a consideration of traffic-light.
Comparing distance to consensus of collective relations using OWA operators.
A fuzzy evolutionary approach to the classification problem.
Study on equality conditions of fuzzy rule-based classification systems to radial basis functions, SVM and nearest neighbor classifiers.
Non-Numeric Method for Pairwise Fuzzy Group-Decision Analysis.
An online marking system conducive to learning.
Fault Detection and Diagnosis of a Nuclear Power Plant Using Artificial Neural Networks.
Inpainting for satellite imagery using thin plate spline radial basis function neural networks in shearlet domain.
A cross-selection instance algorithm.
Developing a general purpose intelligent control system for particle accelerators.
The B<sub>4</sub>-valued propositional Belnap-Dunn logic<sup>1</sup>.
Fuzzy functions via genetic programming.
A fuzzy goal programming based procedure for Machine Tool Selection.
Fuzzy gain scheduling for position control of a robot manipulator.
Generalized lower and upper approximations in hyperrings.
A new method for detection of fake data and adaptive fuzzy PI control for power system stability.
Enhanced power control model based on hybrid prediction and preprocessing/post-processing.
Genetic - Fuzzy system of power units maintenance schedules generation.
Noise-benefit FRSDE for speedup of density estimation on large data.
TWIN: Personality-based Intelligent Recommender System.
Type-2 fuzzy process capability indices for non-normal processes.
An efficient estimation method coping with the capture effect for RFID tags identification and application in remote learning.
Optimization of resistively loaded small loop probes by using fuzzy logic.
Evolutionary design of multiclass support vector machines.
A simulated annealing algorithm for routing problems with fuzzy constrains.
On the Borel summability method of sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Building fuzzy graphs: Features and taxonomy of learning for non-grid-oriented fuzzy rule-based systems.
Decompositions and representations of L-fuzzy natural numbers.
Numerical solution of fuzzy stochastic differential equation.
Optimizing spinning reserve with regard to FACTS device effects on transmission network.
Two-point boundary value problems for first-order nonlinear fuzzy differential equation<sup>1</sup>.
Book Review.
Study of impact of metro station side-crossing on adjecent existing underground structure.
An intelligent algorithm: MACO for continuous optimization models.
Optimization of on-chip spiral inductors using coupled NN and TLBO algorithms for low-loss lumped-element CMOS power dividers.
Design of a Fuzzy PI Controller for Power System Applications.
Modeling fuzzy information in the IF&lt;SUB&gt;2&lt;/SUB&gt;O and object-oriented data models.
Credit distribution for influence maximization in online social networks with node features<sup>1</sup>.
R-norm entropy on intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
A fuzzy set approach to resource procurement for multi-phase projects subject to flexible budgetary constraints.
Fuzzy control approach to a class of continuous time nonlinear systems.
Infrastructure to simulate intelligent agents in cloud environments.
Fault diagnosis of transmission system based on Wavelet Transform and Neural network.
Hierarchical fuzzy filter method for unsupervised feature selection.
International portfolio selection model with exchange rate risk.
Bayesian Inference Based on Interval-Valued Prior Distributions and Likelihoods.
A mixed integer programming approach to a square fully fuzzy linear equation.
Guest Editorial.
Characterization of some k-regularities of semirings in terms of fuzzy ideals of semirings.
A fuzzy method for discovering cost-effective actions from data.
Multi-attribute decision making method considering the amount and reliability of intuitionistic fuzzy information.
The Shapley function for n-person fuzzy cooperative games with combined weighted form.
Approaches to comprehensive evaluation with 2-tuple linguistic information.
Intuitionistic fuzzy similarity measure: Theory and applications.
Multichannel generalization of the Upper-Lower Edge Detector using ordered weighted averaging operators.
Evaluating evidence reliability based on intuitionistic fuzzy MCDM model.
Fuzzy optimizations of convex fuzzy mappings in the quotient space of fuzzy numbers.
Developing a hybrid predictive system for retinopathy.
Application of soft sets to non-associative rings.
Optimization for different types of transportation problems with fuzzy coefficients in the objective function.
On the Use of Quasi-Newton-Based Training of a Feedforward Neural Network for Time Series Forecasting.
GRA model for dynamic hybrid multiple attribute decision making.
A fast parallel cryptography algorithm based on AES-NI.
(Totally) L-ordered Groups.
Prediction of microcracks in concrete using fuzzy systems.
Nonlinear model reference adaptive control using Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy systems.
Development of a fuzzy entropy based method for detecting altered gene-gene interactions in carcinogenic state.
A modified uncertain entailment model.
Enhanced variable-universe fuzzy control for vehicle semi-active suspension systems.
Similarity relations, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of bipolar fuzzy matrix.
Novel technique for capacity maximizing in digital watermarking using fuzzy rule base.
Soil compaction optimization with soft constrain.
Comparison of critical column buckling load in regression, fuzzy logic and ANN based estimations.
A clustering-based feature selection via feature separability.
Proposing a revised method for ranking fuzzy numbers.
Portfolio selection with fuzzy returns.
Ideal solutions for hesitant fuzzy soft sets.
Optimal probabilistic reconfiguration of smart distribution grids considering penetration of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles.
Fracture healing process simulation based on 3D model and fuzzy logic.
Two effective sample selection methods for support vector machine.
Conceptual designing: Chaos-based approach.
Generalized manipulability of fuzzy social choice functions.
Applications of intelligent &amp; fuzzy theory in engineering technologies and applied science.
VLSI architecture for LGXP texture for face recognition.
Architectural design and implementation of intelligent embodied conversational agents using fuzzy knowledge base.
Weighting goals and constraints in fuzzy predictive control.
Covering-based fuzzy rough sets.
A revised simplex method of solving degenerate fuzzy number linear programming problems.
New concepts of interval-valued intuitionistic (S, T)-fuzzy graphs.
Fuzzy sliding mode autopilot design for nonminimum phase and nonlinear UAV.
Approximating solutions of fully fuzzy linear systems: A financial case study.
Temperature control using neuro-fuzzy controllers with compensatory operations and wavelet neural networks.
Hybrid Atanassov intuitionistic fuzzy Bonferroni means for multi-criteria aggregation.
A novel factored POMDP model for affective dialogue management.
A Fuzzy Qualitative Evaluation System: A multi-granular aggregation approach using fuzzy compound linguistic variable.
TS-fuzzy modeling based on &#949;-insensitive smooth support vector regression.
An evolution model for regional collaborative innovation under the perspective of complex network.
A fuzzy TOPSIS for assessing higher vocational education development levels in uncertainty environments.
Neuro-genetic system for stock index prediction.
An extended TODIM method for hesitant fuzzy interactive multicriteria decision making based on generalized Choquet integral.
A fuzzy-based decision making procedure for machine selection problem.
A new view of fuzzy k-ideals of hemirings.
A method for group decision making with multigranularity linguistic information.
Website Term Browser: Overcoming language barriers in text retrieval.
Some novel uncertainty measures of hesitant fuzzy sets and their applications.
Best simultaneous approximation in fuzzy anti-normed linear spaces.
Fuzzy load balancing in an industrial distributed system for job scheduling.
A probabilistic object-oriented database model with fuzzy probability measures and its algebraic operations.
Selecting advisor agents using reliability, reputation and risks.
A novel rainfall forecast model based on the integrated non-linear attribute selection method and support vector regression.
Theoretical advances and applications of intelligent paradigms.
Convergence of complex uncertain sequences.
Forward and reverse modeling in MIG welding process using fuzzy logic-based approaches.
Concordant controllers based on FACTS and FPSS for solving wide-area in multi-machine power system.
Probabilistic top-k range query processing for uncertain databases.
Fuzzy neural network-based robust adaptive control for dynamic positioning of underwater vehicles with input dead-zone.
Gene selection by sequential search wrapper approaches in microarray cancer class prediction.
An imperialist competitive algorithm for solving dynamic nonlinear constrained optimization problems.
An intelligent method for extraction of shape contour of rice planthoppers.
A methodology for matrix games with payoffs of triangular intuitionistic fuzzy number.
Fault diagnosis system based on fuzzy logic: Application to a valve actuator benchmark.
Fuzzy number intuitionistic fuzzy prioritized operators and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
A consistent allocation and related results under fuzzy transferable-utility behavior<sup>1</sup>.
A new approach to solve multi-objective multi-choice multi-item Atanassov's intuitionistic fuzzy transportation problem using chance operator.
Design evaluation model for display designs of automobiles.
Graph entropy-based clustering algorithm in medical brain image database.
The fuzzy comprehensive evaluation of water and sand inrush risk during underground mining.
Web service QoS prediction by neighbor information combined non-negative matrix factorization.
Temporal normal form for Linear Temporal Logic formulae<sup>1</sup>.
Nonlinear camera model calibrated by neural network and adaptive genetic-annealing algorithm.
Self-reorganization of symptom parameters in frequency domain for failure diagnosis by genetic algorithms.
Conditional variance estimation using stochastic learning algorithm.
On embedding problem of fuzzy number valued continuous functions.
Expert System for Product-Advertising-Strategy Development.
A principal component analysis based method to automatically inspect wear of throw-away tips.
Projection-based measure for efficient feature selection.
Improved correlation coefficients of single valued neutrosophic sets and interval neutrosophic sets for multiple attribute decision making.
Intelligent buffer storage system: Enabling fast and flexible assembling with industrial robots.
Soft computing in engineering design optimisation.
Editorial.
Malware classification using dynamic features and Hidden Markov Model.
Adaptive fuzzy system to forecast financial time series volatility.
Energy-aware and load-balancing cluster routing protocol for wireless sensor networks in long-narrow region.
Design of an intelligent manufacturing scheduling and control system using fuzzy logic: Sensitivity analysis and parameter optimization.
Fuzzy trace identification algorithms for non-stationary systems.
Political analysis using fuzzy MCDM.
Bayesian interpretation to generalize adaptive mean shift algorithm.
A new approach based on TLBO for DC-DC converter in RFID tag.
Tailings saturation line prediction based on genetic algorithm and BP neural network.
Induced generalized uncertain linguistic correlated averaging operator and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Fuzzy decision making and fuzzy group decision making based on likelihood-based comparison relations of hesitant fuzzy linguistic term sets<sup>1</sup>.
A Neural Network Approach for Adaptive Control: Application to Traffic Signal Control.
Separated &#9653;<sup>+</sup>-valued equivalences as probabilistic partial metric spaces.
Robot soccer confrontation decision-making technology based on MOGM: Multi-objective game model.
Game theoretic approach to optimize the throughput of cognitive radio networks in physical layer attacks.
Fuzzy One-Mean Algorithm: Formulation, Convergence Analysis, and Applications.
Accurate RFID localization algorithm with particle swarm optimization based on reference tags.
Kernel regression with sparse metric learning.
Feature subset selection using improved binary gravitational search algorithm.
On-line segment-based map building via integration of fuzzy systems and clustering algorithms.
Fuzzy optimization of linear objective function subject to max-average relational inequality constraints.
Semi maximal filter in Hilbert algebra.
Towards a resource migration method in cloud computing based on node failure rule.
Applications of Fuzzy Logic to Bridge Engineering.
Intuitionistic multiplicative preference relation and its application in group decision making.
An EPL model with reliability-dependent randomly imperfect production system over different uncertain finite time horizons.
The research on electric load forecasting based on nonlinear gray bernoulli model optimized by cosine operator and particle swarm optimization.
A novel stochastic framework for energy management in renewable micro-grids considering uncertainty of measurement and forecasting.
A pattern recognition method based on linguistic ordered weighted distance measure.
Atanassov's intuitionistic linguistic ordered weighted averaging distance operator and its application to decision making.
On-line status assessment of wind turbines based on improved fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method.
Fuzzy grey predictor compensated time-varying variable structure controller for solar inverters.
Dynamic modeling and optimal robust approximate constraint-following control of constrained mechanical systems under uncertainty: A fuzzy approach.
A comparative study of soft sets with fuzzy sets and rough sets.
A fuzzy medical diagnosis based on quantiles of diagnostic measures.
Empirical reliability functions based on fuzzy life time data.
Models for evaluating the resource integration capability of textile enterprise with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic information.
Monotone iterative method for boundary value problems of fuzzy differential equations<sup>1</sup>.
Social learning for collaboration through ASiCo based neuroevolution.
An algorithmic method to extend TOPSIS for multiple attribute decision making under intuitionistic fuzzy setting.
Interval + Communications = Walsh: For signal multiplexing under interval uncertainty, Walsh functions are optimal.
Quality function deployment implementation based on analytic network process with linguistic data: An application in automotive industry.
Short term load forecasting in power systems using a hybrid approach based on SVR technique.
(L, M)-fuzzy topological groups.
Type-2 soft sets.
Optimal distribution reconfiguration considering high penetration of electric vehicles.
Fuzzy risk analysis based on a geometric ranking method for generalized trapezoidal fuzzy numbers.
Design of PID controller using multi-objective genetic algorithm for load frequency control in interconnected power systems.
A rough set method for the vertex cover problem in graph theory.
Enhanced control of variable speed DFIG wind turbine using fuzzy logic controller.
Leaf classification using multiple feature analysis based on semi-supervised clustering.
On the robustness of stability of fuzzy control systems.
Formation control for uncertain multiple robots by adaptive integral sliding mode.
Automatic procedures for group decision making with intuitionistic fuzzy preference relations.
A MADM based decision support system for international contractor rating.
A behavior-based approach for collision avoidance of mobile robots in unknown and dynamic environments.
Book Review.
Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy modeling of a two-wheeled inverted pendulum robot.
Multicriteria Load Dispatch with Fuzzy Constraints.
Properties of fuzzy statistical limits.
An extended multiple attribute group decision-making TODIM method based on the neutrosophic numbers.
Fuzzy logic controller vs. PI controller for MPPT of three-phase grid-connected PV system considering different irradiation conditions.
Topological structures of interval-valued hesitant fuzzy rough set and its application.
Introducing polynomial fuzzy time series.
Notes on domination in fuzzy graphs.
Fuzzy random events in incomplete probability models.
A transition model for fuzzy correlated longitudinal responses.
A fuzzy-based methodology for accurate classification and prediction in large datasets.
A new modified bat algorithm to solve optimal management of multi-objective reconfiguration problem.
Application of hat functions to solve linear Fredholm fuzzy integral equation of the second kind.
Infection potential ranking of hospitals based on generation of biomedical waste: A fuzzy approach.
The restricted hull operator of M-fuzzifying convex structures<sup>1</sup>.
Neighborhood structures of fuzzy soft topological spaces.
Application of the weakest t-norm (T&#969;) based vague lambda-tau methodology for reliability analysis of gas turbine system.
A new approach based on the optimization of the length of intervals in fuzzy time series.
Energy and throughput aware fuzzy logic based reconfiguration for MPSoCs.
Characterizations of (L, M)-fuzzy pseudo-metrics by pointwise pseudo-metric chains.
Real-time underactuated robot swing-up via fuzzy PI+PD control.
Research on attribute reduction algorithm with weights.
Models for multiple attribute decision making based on the Einstein correlated aggregation operators with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information.
An image encryption technique based on coupled map lattice and one-time S-Boxes based on complex chaotic system.
A novel SIR method for multiple attributes group decision making problem under hesitant fuzzy environment.
Intermittent demand forecasting with fuzzy markov chain and multi aggregation prediction algorithm.
Research on the enterprise management innovation ability assessment under low carbon economy circumstances with hesitant fuzzy uncertain linguistic information.
Multi Q-fuzzy soft expert set and its application.
Optimal management of plug-in electric vehicles in smart distribution systems.
Fuzzy Lyapunov synthesis control of an underactuated 2DTORA system.
A novel fuzzy classification solution for fault diagnosis.
Hybrid adaptive fuzzy and neural network controller for the molten steel level control in strip casting processes.
Implementation of a virtual environment for traffic accident simulation.
Crop region extraction of remote sensing images based on fuzzy ARTMAP and adaptive boost.
Probabilistic roadmap based path planning for an autonomous unmanned helicopter.
Fuzzy development of Mean and Range control charts using statistical properties of different representative values.
Some new dual hesitant fuzzy aggregation operators based on Choquet integral and their applications to multiple attribute decision making.
Multimedia security in laboratory system based on cloud platform.
MREM: An associative autonomous recurrent network.
The generalized Dice measures for multiple attribute decision making under simplified neutrosophic environments.
Selection of construction project manager by using Delphi and fuzzy linguistic decision making.
New concepts of vague competition graphs.
Special classes of mathematical programming models with fuzzy random variables.
Linear optimization with fuzzy variable over fuzzy polytope.
Joint optimization of complex product variant design responding to customer requirement changes.
Direct limits of a direct system of fuzzy complete Multialgebra.
Data input-output adaptive controller based on IF-THEN rules for a class of non-affine discrete-time systems: The robotic plant.
Fuzzy functional integro-differential equations under generalized H-differentiability.
Control of Nonlinear Multivariable Systems Using Direct Fuzzy Learning Method.
An integrated fuzzy-grey based approach to group decision making problem for a wagon company.
Semi global domination sets in vague graphs with application.
Some new axiomatic extensions of residuated logics.
Conception of a decision support system and its interface: Application to a teleoperation system.
Fuzzy logic-based technique for enhancement of kalman filter based PLL.
Method for embedding context-sensitive information on "communicating textiles" via fuzzy AHP.
On filters of R0-algebras connected to intuitionistic fuzzy sets.
Type 2 fuzzy multisets and its applications in decision making problems.
An intelligent approach based on neuro-fuzzy detachment scheme for preventing jamming attack in wireless networks.
Attack abstraction using a multiagent system for intrusion detection.
A clustering with slope algorithm based on item similarity.
Random fuzzy functional integro-differential equations under generalized Hukuhara differentiability.
Solving type-2 assembly line balancing problem with fuzzy binary linear programming.
Dual hesitant fuzzy linguistic aggregation operators and their applications to multi-attribute decision making.
Anomaly detection in mobile communication networks using the self-organizing map.
A full fuzzy method for solving differential equation based on Taylor expansion.
A modified augmented max min model for weighted fuzzy goal programming.
Dynamic game decision about supply chain resource integration in mass customization.
Application of BICA-NM hybrid algorithm for optimal locating of fault indicators in distribution networks.
Some induced Einstein aggregation operators based on the data mining with interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy information and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
A new intelligent method for optimal allocation of D-STATCOM with uncertainty.
Uncertain programming models for capital budgeting subject to experts' estimations.
Fuzzy logic-based multi-factor aided multiple-model filter for general aviation target tracking.
Cubic soft expert sets and their application in decision making.
Algebraic and topological structures based on novel soft set relations.
Fuzzy mathematical morphology using triangular operators and its application to images.
Approaching activity duration in PERT by means of fuzzy sets theory and statistics.
Rule-based fuzzy classifier based on quantum ant optimization algorithm.
Lacunary ideal convergent double sequences of fuzzy real numbers.
A new approach for adjusting scale factor in fuzzy PD+I controllers with anti-windup.
A new convergence rate estimation of general artificial immune algorithm.
Properties of continuous maps and bounded linear operators in fuzzy normed spaces.
Interval valued L-fuzzy ideals based on t-norms and t-conorms.
An optimal scheduling of cells in ATM switch using neural network.
Generalized exponential multiple averaging operator and its application to group decision making.
Model for evaluating the electrical power system safety with hesitant fuzzy linguistic information.
A supervised link prediction method for dynamic networks.
Application of a fuzzy service level constraint for solving a multi-objective location-routing problem for the industrial hazardous wastes.
Clustering with multilayer perceptrons and self-organized (Hebbian) learning.
Human strategies based allocation of two-dimensional irregular shapes.
Model for multiple attribute group decision making with uncertain linguistic information.
Building a Fuzzy System from Input-Output Data.
Fuzzy scheduling on two-machine flow shop.
A study on development of fuzzy algorithm based on knee joint anterior displacement for identifying gait intention.
Hesitant interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy linguistic sets and their applications.
On prime soft bi-hyperideals of semihypergroups.
On modeling of fuzzy hybrid systems.
3-Dimensional sliding mode adaptive MIMO recurrent fuzzy neural network control for two-link manipulator system.
Solving geometric programming problems with fuzzy random variable coefficients.
An approach based on the I-IGLOWG and the IGLWG operators to multiple attributes group decision making.
Implicative and positive implicative prefilters of EQ-algebras.
Observer synthesis for the T-S fuzzy system with uncertainty and output disturbance.
Some highlights on fuzzy systems and data mining.
Decision rule length as a basis for evaluation of attribute relevance.
Li Xin Wang's Adaptive Fuzzy Systems and Control: Design and Stability Analysis.
A novel fuzzy-based expert system for RET selection.
Software development of an intelligent Spirography test system for neurological disorder detection and quantification.
An extension of the Analytical Hierarchy Process using OWA operators.
On continuity theorem for characteristic function of fuzzy variable.
FUZZYSS'2009: 1st International Fuzzy Systems Symposium, 1-2 October 2009, Ankara, Turkey.
An enhanced generalized adaptive resonance theory neural network and its application to medical pattern classification.
Approaches to hesitant fuzzy multiple attribute decision making with incomplete weight information.
Confirmation rule induction and its applications to coronary heart disease diagnosis and risk group discovery.
A genetic distance metric to discriminate the selection of algorithms for the general ATSP problem.
A review and classification of fuzzy mathematical programs.
An indirect tire identification method based on a two-layered fuzzy scheme.
Servomotor velocity tracking using adaptive fuzzy techniques.
Intelligent Neural Network Based Decision Unit for Robot Safety.
Possibility mean, variance and covariance of triangular intuitionistic fuzzy numbers.
Bipolar fuzzy soft sets and its applications in decision making problem.
A new control method for leveling output frequency fluctuations in an autonomous PV/FC/UC network with maximum power point tracking of the photovoltaic system.
Singular fuzzy ideals of commutative rings.
Goals, arguments, and deception: A formal representation from the Aurangzeb project. II: A formalism for the capture of Murad.
An intelligent approach based on bat algorithm for solving economic dispatch with practical constraints.
Global stability analysis and existence of periodic solutions in an eight-neuron BAM neural network model with delays.
An output-constrained DEA model as applied to efficiency analysis of football clubs.
Semi-physical neural network model for fretting wear estimation.
An integrated approach for multiple criteria supplier selection combining Fuzzy Delphi, Fuzzy AHP &amp; Fuzzy TOPSIS.
Some new classes of ideal convergent difference multiple sequences of fuzzy real numbers.
Correlated aggregation operators for simplified neutrosophic set and their application in multi-attribute group decision making.
Solutions for generalized interval cooperative games.
A novel adaptive modified harmony search algorithm to solve multi-objective environmental/economic dispatch.
Some risk functions of IVIFS applied to outsourced software project.
Hybrid differential evolution algorithm combined with heuristic correction and chaotic search for online energy-efficient optimization of server cluster.
An evolutionary-based fuzzy resource assignment strategy for elastic traffic.
Fuzzy clustering algorithm for fuzzy data based on &#945;-cuts.
Incorporating spatial context into fuzzy-possibilistic clustering using Bayesian inference.
Expected value of intuitionistic fuzzy number and its application to solve multi-objective multi-item solid transportation problem for damageable items in intuitionistic fuzzy environment.
Fuzzy knowledge-based and model-based systems.
Quantifying visual perception of texture with fuzzy metric entropy.
A related fixed point theorem for maps in two S-complete Hausdorff uniform spaces.
The category of soft sets.
Handbook of Learning and Approximate Dynamic Programming, by Jennie Si, Andrew G. Barto, Warren B. Powell and Donald Wunsch II, eds.
Possibility multi-fuzzy soft set and its application in decision making.
Weblog and short text feature extraction and impact on categorisation.
Correlation coefficients for picture fuzzy sets.
Adaptive cutoff distance: Clustering by fast search and find of density peaks.
Novel CPW-fed antenna for dual frequency band notch applications evaluated in AHP framework.
Simulation for behavior learning of multi-agent robot.
&#947;-Open sets and &#947;-continuous mappings in fuzzy bitopological spaces.
Optimization model establishment and optimization software development of gas field gathering and transmission pipeline network system.
Experimental analysis on Sarsa(lambda) and Q(lambda) with different eligibility traces strategies.
Lacunary statistical convergence of order &#946; in difference sequences of fuzzy numbers.
Improved teaching-learning-based optimization algorithm with group learning.
Fuzzy stochastic differential equations of decreasing fuzziness: Non-Lipschitz coefficients.
Computation of all generalized inverses of an intuitionistic fuzzy matrix<sup>1</sup>.
A genetic algorithm based approach to track voltage and current harmonics in electrical power systems.
Vehicle detection method based on mean shift clustering.
Gravity-based particle swarm optimization with hybrid cooperative swarm approach for global optimization.
An Application to Photometric Stereo by Neural Networks.
K-anonymous path privacy on social graphs.
An algorithm for fuzzy multi-objective multi-follower partial cooperative bilevel programming.
Development of a neuro-fuzzy controller for a steam generation plant using fuzzy cluster analysis.
Vague hypergraphs.
Fuzzy fault tolerant control for smart lights.
Sociometry analysis applying fuzzy theory.
Institutions in the OPAL multi-agent system.
Fuzzy survival analysis of AIDS patients under ten years old in Hamadan-Iran.
Book review: Fuzzy Sets, Fuzzy Logic, and Fuzzy Systems (Selected Papers by Professor Lotfi A. Zadeh).
Depth estimation for image dehazing of surveillance on education.
A Characterization of Optimal Fuzzy Sets in Fuzzy Optimization.
A new methodology for designing a fuzzy logic controller and PI, PD blending mechanism.
Applications of N-structures in implicative filters of BE-algebras.
Extracting Fuzzy Rules Under Uncertainty and Measuring Definability Using Rough Sets.
On an algebra of linguistic truth-valued intuitionistic lattice-valued logic.
The NOWA weighted sampling type-reduction method for interval type-2 fuzzy sets and its application.
A Comparison of Two Neurocontroller Architectures.
An approach for finding fuzzy optimal and approximate fuzzy optimal solution of fully fuzzy linear programming problems with mixed constraints.
Double fuzzy C-means model and its application in the technology innovation of China.
QoS and rate enhancement in DVB-S2 using fuzzy rule based system.
Incomplete preference relations: An upper bound condition.
Detecting sentiment embedded in Arabic social media - A lexicon-based approach.
Hopfield neural networks approach for design optimization of hybrid power systems with multiple renewable energy sources in a fuzzy environment.
Fine-tuning fuzzy control of robots.
Rough sets induced by fuzzy ideals in BCK-Algebras.
Incorporation of abstraction capability in a logic-based framework by using proximity relations.
Fuzzy state grammar and fuzzy deep pushdown automaton.
A mathematical model of ternary fuzzy set for voting.
Similarity measures of intuitionistic fuzzy sets based on cosine function for the decision making of mechanical design schemes.
Multi-objective optimization problem of system reliability under intuitionistic fuzzy set environment using Cuckoo Search algorithm.
Fuzzy matrices with fuzzy rows and columns.
A simplified yet effective fuzzy logic controller for chemical ship tanker.
A novel FNR algorithm considering L-R sides.
An intelligent stochastic method based on fuzzy cloud theory for modeling uncertainty effects in the renewable micro-grids.
Ground motion prediction equations (GMPEs) for elastic response spectra in the Iranian plateau using Gene Expression Programming (GEP).
Fuzzy Inference for Variable Structure Control.
Real-Time Optimization by Extremum-Seeking Control, by Kartik B. Ariyur and Miroslav Krstic.
Towards the design of effective freehand gestural interaction for interactive TV.
A novel approach for anomaly detection in data streams: Fuzzy-statistical detection mode.
Uninorm-based models for FLC systems.
A reinforcement learning algorithm for adjusting antecedent parameters and weights of fuzzy rules in a fuzzy classifier.
A multi criteria group decision making approach for collaborative software selection problem.
Model and application of green industry evaluation based on fuzzy control.
Fuzzy availability assessment for a discrete time repairable multi-state series-parallel system.
Some Bonferroni mean operators with 2-tuple linguistic information and their application to multiple attribute decision making.
Fuzzy cutting force modelling in micro-milling.
A GRA method for investment alternative selection under dual hesitant fuzzy environment with incomplete weight information.
Fuzzy information system for condition based maintenance of gearbox.
Model for multiple attribute decision making based on the Einstein correlated information fusion with hesitant fuzzy information.
A Constraint Satisfaction Theory for Binary Neural Networks.
Interval-valued intuitionistic fuzzy generators: Application to edge detection.
Linear programming with rough interval coefficients.
Some properties of entropy of vague soft sets and its applications.
Intelligent condition monitoring of railway signaling in train detection subsystems.
Multigranulation rough set theory over two universes.
P<sup>3</sup>DP: privacy preserving provable data possession with multi-copy and data dynamics in a cloud storage.
Subtraction and division operations over hesitant fuzzy sets.
A Tutorial on Fuzzy Rule-Based Expert System (Frbes) Models, 1: Mathematical Foundations.
An extended three-way decision and its application in member selection.
Adaptive robust approximate constraint-following control for fuzzy mechanical systems.
BCK-algebras arising from block codes.
Robust PID TS fuzzy control methodology based on gain and phase margins specifications.
Segmentation of farmland obstacle images based on intuitionistic fuzzy divergence.
An iterative learning method for multi-cycle flexible production/inventory control under random demands.
Dynamic Fuzzy-Neural based tool formonitoring and predicting patients conditions using selected vital signs.
A Framework For Efficient Modular Heap Analysis.
Behavioral Types in Programming Languages.
Principles of Eventual Consistency.
Static Analysis and Verification of Aerospace Software by Abstract Interpretation.
Pointer Analysis.
Computer-Assisted Query Formulation.
Formal Models and Techniques for Analyzing Security Protocols: A Tutorial.
Nominal Game Semantics.
An anova test for functional data.
Model-based estimation of the attributable risk: A loglinear approach.
Shape and change point analyses of the Birnbaum-Saunders-t hazard rate and associated estimation.
Special issue on variable selection and robust procedures.
Conditional Akaike information criterion for generalized linear mixed models.
Model based on skew normal distribution for square contingency tables with ordinal categories.
Model-based SIR for dimension reduction.
Combined use of association rules mining and clustering methods to find relevant links between binary rare attributes in a large data set.
Taxonomy for characterizing ensemble methods in classification tasks: A review and annotated bibliography.
A semiparametric Bayesian approach for joint-quantile regression with clustered data.
Outlier detection and least trimmed squares approximation using semi-definite programming.
Self-tuning weighted measurement fusion Kalman filtering algorithm.
Linear mixed models with marginally symmetric nonparametric random effects.
A toolbox for K.
A note on bimodality in the log-likelihood function for penalized spline mixed models.
Variable and boundary selection for functional data via multiclass logistic regression modeling.
Development of fuzzy process control charts and fuzzy unnatural pattern analyses.
Testing for unit roots in short panels allowing for a structural break.
An exact confidence set for two binomial proportions and exact unconditional confidence intervals for the difference and ratio of proportions.
MultiLCIRT: An R package for multidimensional latent class item response models.
Estimation of the marginal location under a partially linear model with missing responses.
Computing the least quartile difference estimator in the plane.
Performing hypothesis tests on the shape of functional data.
A note on adaptive group lasso.
A generalized Waring regression model for count data.
Gaussian quadrature approximations in mixed hidden Markov models for longitudinal data: A simulation study.
Simultaneous confidence intervals based on the percentile bootstrap approach.
A unified Bayesian inference on treatment means with order constraints.
Objective Bayesian analysis for the normal compositional model.
On simulating multivariate non-normal distributions from the generalized lambda distribution.
An extension of three-parameter Burr III distribution for low-flow frequency analysis.
Mixture model selection via hierarchical BIC.
Asymptotic variance estimation for the misclassification SIMEX.
Testing, monitoring, and dating structural changes in exchange rate regimes.
Reliability analysis and joint assessment of Brown-Proschan preventive maintenance efficiency and intrinsic wear-out.
The EM algorithm for the extended finite mixture of the factor analyzers model.
(paper retracted).
Bayesian nonlinear regression models with scale mixtures of skew-normal distributions: Estimation and case influence diagnostics.
Convergence of the sequence of parameters generated by alternating least squares algorithms.
Robust M-estimation of multivariate GARCH models.
Investigating omitted variable bias in regression parameter estimation: A genetic algorithm approach.
Identifiability of extended latent class models with individual covariates.
Assessment of local influence in elliptical linear models with longitudinal structure.
Vine copulas with asymmetric tail dependence and applications to financial return data.
Bayesian analysis of multivariate nominal measures using multivariate multinomial probit models.
Parameter estimation for generalized Dirichlet distributions from the sample estimates of the first and the second moments of random variables.
Cross Validation and Maximum Likelihood estimations of hyper-parameters of Gaussian processes with model misspecification.
Anatomical curve identification.
A simple improved inferential method for some discrete distributions.
Comparing the asymptotic power of exact tests in 2&times;2 tables.
Degeneracy of the EM algorithm for the MLE of multivariate Gaussian mixtures and dynamic constraints.
Classification by ensembles from random partitions of high-dimensional data.
A flexible approach to Bayesian multiple curve fitting.
Multilevel cumulative logistic regression model with random effects: Application to British social attitudes panel survey data.
Testing for multivariate autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity using wavelets.
Bayesian analysis of two-piece location-scale models under reference priors with partial information.
A robust Bayesian approach to null intercept measurement error model with application to dental data.
Horizon effect in the term structure of long-run risk-return trade-offs.
Conditional copulas, association measures and their applications.
Distribution modeling and simulation of gene expression data.
Serial and parallel implementations of model-based clustering via parsimonious Gaussian mixture models.
On the accuracy of statistical distributions in Microsoft Excel 2003.
Sliced inverse regression in reference curves estimation.
Estimation of the conditional risk in classification: The swapping method.
The power of weather.
Solving models with inequalities using standard econometric software.
High resolution simulation of nonstationary Gaussian random fields.
Statistical inference for equivalence trials with ordinal responses: A latent normal distribution approach.
Learned-loss boosting.
Time patterns in UK demand for alcohol and tobacco: an application of the EM algorithm.
Including long- and short-term data in blinded sample size recalculation for binary endpoints.
An affine invariant multiple test procedure for assessing multivariate normality.
Large gap imputation in remote sensed imagery of the environment.
Robust estimators and tests for bivariate copulas based on likelihood depth.
Nonparametric mixture models with conditionally independent multivariate component densities.
Using Boosting to prune Double-Bagging ensembles.
Detection of chatter vibration in a drilling process using multivariate control charts.
Analyzing a randomized experiment with imperfect compliance and ignorable conditions for missing data: theoretical and computational issues.
One-step robust estimation of fixed-effects panel data models.
On selection of statistics for approximate Bayesian computing (or the method of simulated moments).
Maximizing equity market sector predictability in a Bayesian time-varying parameter model.
Functional linear regression after spline transformation.
Small-sample comparisons of confidence intervals for the difference of two independent binomial proportions.
Fast kriging of large data sets with Gaussian Markov random fields.
On the performance of nonparametric specification tests in regression models.
TVICA - Time varying independent component analysis and its application to financial data.
A hierarchical Bayesian approach for the analysis of longitudinal count data with overdispersion: A simulation study.
A note on influence diagnostics in nonlinear mixed-effects elliptical models.
A hierarchical Bayes model for biomarker subset effects in clinical trials.
Testing the homogeneity of the means of several groups of count data in the presence of unequal dispersions.
On the estimation of the stereotype regression model.
Second Special issue on Computational Econometrics.
The use of mixtures for dealing with non-normal regression errors.
Bayesian D-optimal designs for the two parameter logistic mixed effects model.
An EM algorithm for continuous-time bivariate Markov chains.
Kernel interpolation.
Orthogonality-projection-based estimation for semi-varying coefficient models with heteroscedastic errors.
Wavelet-based bootstrapping of spatial patterns on a finite lattice.
The wrapped stable family of distributions as a flexible model for circular data.
Bias and skewness in a general extreme-value regression model.
Evaluation of transfer evidence for three-level multivariate data with the use of graphical models.
Benchmark testing of algorithms for very robust regression: FS, LMS and LTS.
Hybrid Bayes factors for genome-wide association studies when a robust test is used.
Optimal computation of 3-D similarity: Gauss-Newton vs. Gauss-Helmert.
A multivariate control quantile test using data depth.
Transform both sides model: A parametric approach.
Semi-parametric copula sample selection models for count responses.
Estimating baseline distribution in proportional hazards cure models.
Efficient multi-class cancer diagnosis algorithm, using a global similarity pattern.
Estimation of a common slope in a gamma regression model with multiple strata: An empirical Bayes method.
Comparison of exact parametric tests for high-dimensional data.
Special issue on correspondence analysis and related methods.
Forecasting the US unemployment rate.
Kernel logistic PLS: A tool for supervised nonlinear dimensionality reduction and binary classification.
Approximate maximum likelihood estimation using data-cloning ABC.
Bayesian option pricing using mixed normal heteroskedasticity models.
Normal-Gamma-Bernoulli peak detection for analysis of comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography mass spectrometry data.
Optimal tests against the alternative hypothesis of panel unit roots.
Assessing local model adequacy in Bayesian hierarchical models using the partitioned deviance information criterion.
RMCMC: A system for updating Bayesian models.
Bootstrap tests for independence in two-way ordinal contingency tables.
Joint inference about sensitivity and specificity at the optimal cut-off point associated with Youden index.
Stability of household income in European countries in the 1990s.
A comparison between the Gr&ouml;bner bases approach and hidden projection properties in factorial designs.
Flexible temporal expression profile modelling using the Gaussian process.
Testing linear independence in linear models with interval-valued data.
Bandwidth selection for a class of difference-based variance estimators in the nonparametric regression: A possible approach.
RcppArmadillo: Accelerating R with high-performance C++ linear algebra.
An adjustment for edge effects using an augmented neighborhood model in the spatial auto-logistic model.
Modeling vector nonlinear time series using POLYMARS.
Robust exponential smoothing of multivariate time series.
Wavelet denoising of Poisson-distributed data and applications.
A simulated annealing strategy for the detection of arbitrarily shaped spatial clusters.
Cost-effective designs for trials with discrete-time survival endpoints.
A high-dimensional two-sample test for the mean using random subspaces.
Block clustering with Bernoulli mixture models: Comparison of different approaches.
Tree-structured smooth transition regression models.
Estimation of reliability in a series system with random sample size.
The exact Gaussian likelihood estimation of time-dependent VARMA models.
Cook's distance for generalized linear mixed models.
An improved collapsed Gibbs sampler for Dirichlet process mixing models.
A nonparametric test for the equality of counting processes with panel count data.
Public news announcements and quoting activity in the Euro/Dollar foreign exchange market.
Nonparametric estimation of non-stationary velocity fields from 3D particle tracking velocimetry data.
From short to long memory: Aggregation and estimation.
Prior adjusted default Bayes factors for testing (in)equality constrained hypotheses.
On the existence of the nonlinear weighted least squares estimate for a three-parameter Weibull distribution.
Estimation in the probit normal model for binary outcomes using the SAEM algorithm.
A generative model for rank data based on insertion sort algorithm.
A comparative study of Monte Carlo methods for efficient evaluation of marginal likelihood.
A covariate nonrandomized response model for multicategorical sensitive variables.
Optimum allocation in stratified surveys: Stochastic programming.
Evaluation of exponentially weighted moving variance control chart subject to linear drifts.
On the estimation of the linear relation when the error variances are known.
Response dimension reduction for the conditional mean in multivariate regression.
Non-parametric k-sample tests: Density functions vs distribution functions.
Some Recent Trends in Applied Stochastic Modeling and Multidimensional Data Analysis.
Corrigendum to "Robust smoothing of gridded data in one and higher dimensions with missing values" [Comput. Statist. Data Anal. 54 (2010) 1167-1178].
Noise space decomposition method for two-dimensional sinusoidal model.
Reliability inference and sample-size determination under double censoring for some two-parameter models.
Intradaily dynamic portfolio selection.
Empirical Bayes estimators of the random intercept in multilevel analysis: Performance of the classical, Morris and Rao version.
Variational Bayes approach for model aggregation in unsupervised classification with Markovian dependency.
Frailty modeling via the empirical Bayes-Hastings sampler.
Nonparametric multiplicative bias correction for kernel-type density estimation on the unit interval.
Testing for homogeneity of relative differences under inverse sampling.
Posterior analysis of latent competing risk models by parallel tempering.
Editorial.
A novel HMM-based clustering algorithm for the analysis of gene expression time-course data.
Parametric and semiparametric methods for mapping quantitative trait loci.
A bivariate Birnbaum-Saunders regression model.
A simple and efficient method for variable ranking according to their usefulness for learning.
Bayesian analysis of semiparametric reproductive dispersion mixed-effects models.
Sample size calculation for non-compliance randomized trials with repeated measurements in binary data.
Approximate unconditional test procedure for comparing two ordered multinomials.
A classical and Bayesian estimation of a k-components load-sharing parallel system.
Two-mode multi-partitioning.
Parallel coordinates for exploratory modelling analysis.
An unbiased method for constructing multilabel classification trees.
Factor analysis parameter estimation from incomplete data.
Inferences on Weibull parameters with conventional type-I censoring.
Location and scale mixtures of Gaussians with flexible tail behaviour: Properties, inference and application to multivariate clustering.
On imputing continuous data when the eventual interest pertains to ordinalized outcomes via threshold concept.
On a robust modification of Breslow's cumulated hazard estimator.
On point estimation of the abnormality of a Mahalanobis index.
Improved AIC selection strategy for survival analysis.
A confidence region for the largest and the smallest means under heteroscedasticity.
Fuzzy unsupervised classification of multivariate time trajectories with the Shannon entropy regularization.
Efficient direct sampling MCEM algorithm for latent variable models with binary responses.
Power Lindley distribution and associated inference.
Bayesian inference for the multivariate skew-normal model: A population Monte Carlo approach.
Bayes estimators for reliability measures in geometric distribution model using masked system life test data.
The spurious regression of AR(<i>p</i>p) infinite-variance sequence in the presence of structural breaks.
On the estimation of dynamic conditional correlation models.
Bayesian model selection in ordinal quantile regression.
High-throughput DNA methylation datasets for evaluating false discovery rate methodologies.
Favorability functions based on kernel density estimation for logistic models: A case study.
Advances in Mixture Models.
Estimating a non-homogeneous Gompertz process with jumps as model of tumor dynamics.
Model selection strategies for identifying most relevant covariates in homoscedastic linear models.
A family of autoregressive conditional duration models applied to financial data.
Combining p-values using order-based methods.
Maximally selected Chi-squared statistics and non-monotonic associations: An exact approach based on two cutpoints.
Testing a null variance ratio in mixed models with zero degrees of freedom for error.
An adaptive algorithm for least squares piecewise monotonic data fitting.
Quasi-Monte Carlo estimation in generalized linear mixed models.
Cluster-based estimation for sufficient dimension reduction.
On partial least squares dimension reduction for microarray-based classification: a simulation study.
General sparse multi-class linear discriminant analysis.
The marginal likelihood of dynamic mixture models.
Frequency estimation of undamped exponential signals using genetic algorithms.
Covariance miss-specification and the local influence approach in sensitivity analyses of longitudinal data with drop-outs.
Detection, classification and estimation of individual shapes in 2D and 3D point clouds.
Simultaneous confidence intervals for comparing margins of multivariate binary data.
Estimation of the accelerated failure time frailty model under generalized gamma frailty.
Test and estimation in binary data analysis under an incomplete block crossover design.
Inference on a stochastic two-compartment model in tumor growth.
Monitoring the covariance matrix with fewer observations than variables.
Symbolic computation of moments of sampling distributions.
Lognormal lifetimes and likelihood-based inference for flexible cure rate models based on COM-Poisson family.
Family of power divergence spatial scan statistics.
A robust P-spline approach to closed population capture-recapture models with time dependence and heterogeneity.
Objective Bayesian analysis of accelerated competing failure models under Type-I censoring.
Early warning systems for sovereign debt crises: The role of heterogeneity.
Tests of exponentiality based on Arnold-Villasenor characterization and their efficiencies.
Flexible estimation of wage distributions in the presence of covariates.
The Hawkes process with renewal immigration &amp; its estimation with an EM algorithm.
Simulating from a multinomial distribution with large number of categories.
An ANOVA test for parameter estimability using data cloning with application to statistical inference for dynamic systems.
The missing censoring indicator model and the smoothed bootstrap.
An example of a misclassification problem applied to Australian equity data.
CLUES: A non-parametric clustering method based on local shrinking.
Multiple comparisons of k binomial proportions.
Comparison of p control charts for low defective rate.
A guide for multilevel modeling of dyadic data with binary outcomes using SAS PROC NLMIXED.
Conditional mean estimation under asymmetric and heteroscedastic error by linear combination of quantile regressions.
Efficient calculation of the NPMLE of a mixing distribution for mixtures of exponentials.
Inference via kernel smoothing of bootstrap P values.
Analysis of new variable selection methods for discriminant analysis.
Nonparametric density estimation for positive time series.
Modelling and forecasting noisy realized volatility.
Bayesian test for asymmetry and nonstationarity in MTAR model with possibly incomplete data.
Regularized estimation for the least absolute relative error models with a diverging number of covariates.
On sovereign credit migration: A study of alternative estimators and rating dynamics.
Orthogonal-column Latin hypercube designs with small samples.
Nonlinear random effects mixture models: Maximum likelihood estimation via the EM algorithm.
General balance, large data sets and extensions to unbalanced treatment structures.
Robust diagnostics for the heteroscedastic regression model.
Impact of unknown covariance structures in semiparametric models for longitudinal data: An application to Wisconsin diabetes data.
Confidence intervals for an ordinal effect size measure based on partially validated series.
Grouped variable importance with random forests and application to multiple functional data analysis.
Estimating survival rates using an extended ricker's two-release method.
A consistent method of estimation for the three-parameter Weibull distribution.
Estimation in bivariate nonnormal distributions with stochastic variance functions.
A local boosting algorithm for solving classification problems.
Exact algorithms for computing p-values of statistics-linear combination of 3-nomial variables.
A new class of semiparametric semivariogram and nugget estimators.
Likelihood and Bayesian estimation of <i>I</i> using lower record values from the generalized exponential distribution.
Consistency of support vector machines using additive kernels for additive models.
Systematic sampling is a minimum support design.
Stochastic programming methods in the response surface methodology.
New approaches to nonparametric density estimation and selection of smoothing parameters.
Nonparametric tests for panel count data with unequal observation processes.
Nonstandard operator precedence in Excel.
Smallest Pareto confidence regions and applications.
'Nearly' universally optimal designs for models with correlated observations.
SAS macros for confidence interval estimation for CHD risk prediction by different survival models.
Improving the estimation of Kendall's tau when censoring affects only one of the variables.
Efficient estimation of copula-GARCH models.
Comparison of the performance of multi-layer perceptron and linear regression for epidemiological data.
A monitoring display of multivariate outliers.
Some extensions of Langenberg model for clinical trials with delayed observations normally distributed responses.
Testing the random walk hypothesis through robust estimation of correlation.
Parameter estimations for generalized exponential distribution under progressive type-I interval censoring.
A robust algorithm for template curve estimation based on manifold embedding.
Lepage type statistic based on the modified Baumgartner statistic.
Finding the limit of diverging components in three-way Candecomp/Parafac - A demonstration of its practical merits.
Nonparametric iterated combined tests for genetic differentiation.
Estimation and test in long-term survival mixture models.
Cluster Forests.
Sample size requirements to detect an intervention by time interaction in longitudinal cluster randomized clinical trials with random slopes.
Bayesian analysis for outliers in survey sampling.
Mixed model-based inference in geoadditive hazard regression for interval-censored survival times.
A generalized modified Weibull distribution for lifetime modeling.
Independent factor discriminant analysis.
Existence and uniqueness of relative incidence estimates in case-series analysis.
Split variable selection for tree modeling on rank data.
Acceleration of the alternating least squares algorithm for principal components analysis.
One-stage multiple comparisons with the control for exponential location parameters under heteroscedasticity.
Selection of fixed effects in high dimensional linear mixed models using a multicycle ECM algorithm.
A Bayesian information criterion for portfolio selection.
Influence diagnostics in generalized symmetric linear models.
A general hidden state random walk model for animal movement.
Robust minimum information loss estimation.
Estimator selection and combination in scalar-on-function regression.
Estimating a unitary effect summary based on combined survival and quantitative outcomes.
Analyzing survival curves at a fixed point in time for paired and clustered right-censored data.
Modeling and forecasting duration-dependent mortality rates.
Linear regression models with slash-elliptical errors.
A new approach to bootstrap inference in functional coefficient models.
Convergent stochastic Expectation Maximization algorithm with efficient sampling in high dimension. Application to deformable template model estimation.
Bayesian estimation of survival and capture probabilities using logit link and photoidentification data.
Approximate inference for spatial functional data on massively parallel processors.
Modeling rating data with Nonlinear CUB models.
A comparison of design and model selection methods for supersaturated experiments.
Bayesian bandwidth estimation for a nonparametric functional regression model with unknown error density.
Comparison of PQL and Laplace 6 estimates of hierarchical linear models when comparing groups of small incident rates in cluster randomised trials.
Third-order inference for the Weibull distribution.
The evaluation of evidence for exponentially distributed data.
Bayesian inference for nonlinear multivariate diffusion models observed with error.
GEE for longitudinal ordinal data: Comparing R-geepack, R-multgee, R-repolr, SAS-GENMOD, SPSS-GENLIN.
Constant-partially accelerated life tests for Burr type-XII distribution with progressive type-II censoring.
Choosing an appropriate number of factors in factor analysis with incomplete data.
On the ratio of logistic random variables.
Goodman-Kruskal gamma.
Comparing medians.
Simultaneous confidence intervals for multiple comparisons among expected values of log-normal variables.
Improved likelihood inference in Birnbaum-Saunders regressions.
A Bayesian propensity score adjustment for latent variable modeling and MCMC algorithm.
Inferences based on multiple skipped correlations.
Mixtures of spatial spline regressions for clustering and classification.
Association study for the relationship between a haplotype or haplotype set and multiple quantitative responses.
Inference in generalized linear regression models with a censored covariate.
Asymptotically optimal differenced estimators of error variance in nonparametric regression.
Semi-parametric estimation of Brown-Proschan preventive maintenance effects and intrinsic wear-out.
Restricted regression estimation in measurement error models.
Bandwidth selection for kernel density estimation with doubly truncated data.
Optimisation of interacting particle systems for rare event estimation.
Distribution-preserving statistical disclosure limitation.
Parameter cascading for panel models with unknown number of unobserved factors: An application to the credit spread puzzle.
Efficient MCMC estimation of discrete distributions.
Likelihood inference in generalized linear mixed measurement error models.
Adaptive LASSO for general transformation models with right censored data.
Simplified modeling strategies for surrogate validation with multivariate failure-time data.
High-dimensional data clustering.
An unscented Kalman smoother for volatility extraction: Evidence from stock prices and options.
Signal extraction for simulated games with a large number of players.
An option pricing formula for the GARCH diffusion model.
A numerical investigation of the accuracy of parametric bootstrap for discrete data.
Statistical anomaly detection via httpd data analysis.
Left truncated and right censored Weibull data and likelihood inference with an illustration.
GSA-based maximum likelihood estimation for threshold vector error correction model.
Local computations of the iterative proportional scaling procedure for hierarchical models.
Generalized endpoint-inflated binomial model.
The numerical evaluation of the probability density function of a quadratic form in normal variables.
Best linear near unbiased estimation for nonlinear signal models via semi-infinite programming approach.
A note on interval estimation of P(XY) using lower record data from the generalized exponential distribution.
Efficient optimization of the likelihood function in Gaussian process modelling.
A time series bootstrap procedure for interpolation intervals.
An alternative pruning based approach to unbiased recursive partitioning.
Stable graphical model estimation with Random Forests for discrete, continuous, and mixed variables.
Modelling the mean of a doubly stochastic Poisson process by functional data analysis.
Two-way Poisson mixture models for simultaneous document classification and word clustering.
A data-adaptive methodology for finding an optimal weighted generalized Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon statistic.
Erratum to "A method of simulating multivariate nonnormal distributions by the Pearson distribution system and estimation" [Comput. Statist. Data Analysis 47 (2004) 1-29].
Supervised classification for functional data: A weighted distance approach.
Viewing the relative efficiency of IV estimators in models with lagged and instantaneous feedbacks.
Analysis of space-time relational data with application to legislative voting.
Local likelihood regression in generalized linear single-index models with applications to microarray data.
Approximate forward-backward algorithm for a switching linear Gaussian model.
On estimation and influence diagnostics for the Grubbs' model under heavy-tailed distributions.
Modified versions of Bayesian Information Criterion for genome-wide association studies.
Quintile stratification based on a misspecified propensity score in longitudinal treatment effectiveness analyses of ordinal doses.
Seriation by constrained correspondence analysis: A simulation study.
Special issue on Bayesian computing, methods and applications.
Unsupervised data classification using pairwise Markov chains with automatic copulas selection.
A fast and recursive algorithm for clustering large datasets with k-medians.
Model diagnostic plots for repeated measures data using the generalized estimating equations approach.
Integral approximations for computing optimum designs in random effects logistic regression models.
Optimal design of Fourier estimator in the presence of microstructure noise.
A new class of semi-mixed effects models and its application in small area estimation.
Bayesian method for learning graphical models with incompletely categorical data.
Bayesian semiparametric analysis of short- and long-term hazard ratios with covariates.
Clustering heteroskedastic time series by model-based procedures.
Ridge estimation of inverse covariance matrices from high-dimensional data.
Maximum likelihood estimation of spatially and serially correlated panels with random effects.
On improved EM algorithm and confidence interval construction for incomplete r.
Linear discrimination for three-level multivariate data with a separable additive mean vector and a doubly exchangeable covariance structure.
Bandwidth selection for kernel log-density estimation.
Spatial interaction models with individual-level data for explaining labor flows and developing local labor markets.
Kalman filter variants in the closed skew normal setting.
Data privacy using an evolutionary algorithm for invariant PRAM matrices.
Testing for the validity of the assumptions in the exponential step-stress accelerated life-testing model.
Adaptive population-based search: Application to estimation of nonlinear regression parameters.
Uncertainty propagation: Avoiding the expensive sampling process for real-time image-based measurements.
Adaptive bandwidth selection in the long run covariance estimator of functional time series.
Efficient importance sampling in mixture frameworks.
Segmenting magnetic resonance images via hierarchical mixture modelling.
The effect of sample size on the extended self-organizing map network - A market segmentation application.
On the measure and the estimation of evenness and diversity.
Iterated imputation estimation for generalized linear models with missing response and covariate values.
A computational strategy for doubly smoothed MLE exemplified in the normal mixture model.
An efficient procedure for the avoidance of disconnected incomplete block designs.
Bayesian binary regression with exponential power link.
Robust edge detection in noisy images.
On bandwidth selection using minimal spanning tree for kernel density estimation.
Fast estimation of posterior probabilities in change-point analysis through a constrained hidden Markov model.
How many principal components? stopping rules for determining the number of non-trivial axes revisited.
Semiparametric empirical likelihood confidence intervals for AUC under a density ratio model.
Fast computation of reconciled forecasts for hierarchical and grouped time series.
Prediction of deterministic functions: an application of a Gaussian kriging model to a time series outlier problem.
Test of fit for a Laplace distribution against heavier tailed alternatives.
Canonical kernel dimension reduction.
Special issue on robust analysis of complex data.
Interest rate spreads and output: A time scale decomposition analysis using wavelets.
On the number of principal components: A test of dimensionality based on measurements of similarity between matrices.
A comparative study of algorithms for solving seemingly unrelated regressions models.
A class of nonlinear stochastic volatility models and its implications for pricing currency options.
Half-life estimation based on the bias-corrected bootstrap: A highest density region approach.
A doubly optimal ellipse fit.
A new algorithm for solving binary discrimination in conditional logistic regression, with two choices of strata.
Optimal dose de-escalation trial designs for novel contraceptives in women.
Finding the optimal cut-point for Gaussian and Gamma distributed biomarkers.
The impact of general non-parametric volatility functions in multivariate GARCH models.
Regression splines for threshold selection with application to a random-effects logistic dose-response model.
Parametric methods for confidence interval estimation of overlap coefficients.
A new class of defective models based on the Marshall-Olkin family of distributions for cure rate modeling.
Mixtures of distance-based models for ranking data.
Pair-perturbation influence functions and local influence in PCA.
Influence diagnostics in log-Birnbaum-Saunders regression models with censored data.
Summary statistics for measuring the relationship among three types of points in multivariate point patterns.
Bayesian predictive model comparison via parallel sampling.
A flexible approach to inference in semiparametric regression models with correlated errors using Gaussian processes.
Copula in a multivariate mixed discrete-continuous model.
Bootstrap confidence sets for the Aumann mean of a random closed set.
The logistic regression model with response variables subject to randomized response.
Optimal confidence interval for the largest normal mean under heteroscedasticity.
Efficient classification for longitudinal data.
Confidence intervals through sequential Monte Carlo.
Bayesian significance testing and multiple comparisons from MCMC outputs.
Estimation and empirical likelihood for single-index models with missing data in the covariates.
EM algorithm in Gaussian copula with missing data.
Limited information estimation in binary factor analysis: A review and extension.
Valid hypothesis testing in face of spatially dependent data using multi-layer perceptrons and sub-sampling techniques.
A mixture of mixture models for a classification problem: The unity measure error.
Mean estimation with calibration techniques in presence of missing data.
Computational methods for case-cohort studies.
Robust optimal decisions with imprecise forecasts.
Finding Dantzig selectors with a proximity operator based fixed-point algorithm.
Erratum to: "On simulating Balakrishnan skew-normal variates" by Mahdi Teimouri and Saralees Nadarajah [Computational Statistics &amp; Data Analysis 57 (2013) 52-58].
Extension to the product partition model: computing the probability of a change.
Double Generalized Threshold Models with constraint on the dispersion by the mean.
Copula density estimation by total variation penalized likelihood with linear equality constraints.
Optimal multilinear estimation of a random vector under constraints of causality and limited memory.
Testing ratio of marginal probabilities in clustered matched-pair binary data.
Mean field variational Bayesian inference for support vector machine classification.
Influential data cases when the C.
A spectral estimation of tempered stable stochastic volatility models and option pricing.
A bridge between Tucker-1 and Carroll's generalized canonical analysis.
Stable computational methods for additive binomial models with application to adjusted risk differences.
Generalized linear mixed model with a penalized Gaussian mixture as a random effects distribution.
Detecting change-points in multidimensional stochastic processes.
Avoiding bias due to perfect prediction in multiple imputation of incomplete categorical variables.
Relations for moments of progressively Type-II censored order statistics from half-logistic distribution with applications to inference.
Sample size determination for paired right-censored data based on the difference of Kaplan-Meier estimates.
Performance measures of the bivariate random effects model for meta-analyses of diagnostic accuracy.
Sensitivity analysis of the strain criterion for multidimensional scaling.
Estimating stochastic volatility models using daily returns and realized volatility simultaneously.
Boosting additive models using component-wise P-Splines.
The random projection method in goodness of fit for functional data.
Simultaneous monitoring of process mean vector and covariance matrix via penalized likelihood estimation.
Semi-parametric single-index two-part regression models.
A combined likelihood ratio/information ratio bootstrap technique for estimating the number of components in finite mixtures.
The specification of rank reducing observation sets in experimental design.
GPU accelerated MCMC for modeling terrorist activity.
Combining loglinear model with classification and regression tree (CART): an application to birth data.
Clusterwise PLS regression on a stochastic process.
Inference procedures for the Birnbaum-Saunders distribution and its generalizations.
PCA and PLS with very large data sets.
A note on an iterative algorithm for nonparametric estimation in biased sampling models.
Assumption adequacy averaging as a concept for developing more robust methods for differential gene expression analysis.
2nd Special issue on matrix computations and statistics.
A simple additivity test for conditionally heteroscedastic nonlinear autoregression.
Nonparametric estimation of pair-copula constructions with the empirical pair-copula.
Likelihood approach for count data in longitudinal experiments.
Generating random networks from a given distribution.
Score tests for overdispersion in zero-inflated Poisson mixed models.
Application of resampling and linear spline methods to spectral and dispersional analyses of long-memory processes.
Confidence interval estimation under inverse sampling.
Learning Bayesian networks for discrete data.
Change of spatiotemporal scale in dynamic models.
On testing for serial correlation of unknown form using wavelet thresholding.
A computationally efficient method for nonlinear mixed-effects models with nonignorable missing data in time-varying covariates.
A Bayesian generalized multiple group IRT model with model-fit assessment tools.
A robust ratio estimator of gene expression via inverse-variance weighting for cDNA microarray images.
A GMM procedure for combining volatility forecasts.
Robust estimation of dimension reduction space.
Improved estimators for a general class of beta regression models.
Bayesian panel data analysis for exploring the impact of subprime financial crisis on the US stock market.
Robust forecasting of mortality and fertility rates: A functional data approach.
Influence functions and local influence in linear discriminant analysis.
Wavelet-based scalar-on-function finite mixture regression models.
Data-driven boundary estimation in deconvolution problems.
Confidence interval for a coefficient of quartile variation.
Change point models for cognitive tests using semi-parametric maximum likelihood.
Finite mixture of nonlinear mixed-effects joint models in the presence of missing and mismeasured covariate, with application to AIDS studies.
Estimation of graphical models whose conditional independence graphs are interval graphs and its application to modelling linkage disequilibrium.
On the Marshall-Olkin transformation as a skewing mechanism.
Reduced-rank vector generalized linear models with two linear predictors.
Computing the distribution of quadratic forms: Further comparisons between the Liu-Tang-Zhang approximation and exact methods.
Wavelet-based procedures for proteomic mass spectrometry data processing.
Spectral estimation of a structural thin-plate smoothing model.
D-optimality of unequal versus equal cluster sizes for mixed effects linear regression analysis of randomized trials with clusters in one treatment arm.
Identifying influential multinomial observations by perturbation.
Type I multivariate zero-inflated Poisson distribution with applications.
Model-based simultaneous clustering and ordination of multivariate abundance data in ecology.
Monte Carlo methods for derivatives of options with discontinuous payoffs.
Clustering with mixtures of log-concave distributions.
Bootstrapping estimation for estimating relative potency in combinations of bioassays.
Factor estimation using MCMC-based Kalman filter methods.
Inferences on the common mean of several inverse Gaussian populations.
Using mixtures of t densities to make inferences in the presence of missing data with a small number of multiply imputed data sets.
Bootstrap quantile estimation via importance resampling.
Alternating imputation posterior estimation of models with crossed random effects.
Simulation of L&eacute;vy-driven Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes with given marginal distribution.
Matrix exponential stochastic volatility with cross leverage.
Erratum to "On the performance of some non-parametric estimators of the conditional survival function with interval-censored data" [Comput. Statstic Data Anal. 55 (12) (2011) 3355-3364].
Robust smoothing of gridded data in one and higher dimensions with missing values.
Log-Burr XII regression models with censored data.
Fitting mixtures of von Mises distributions: a case study involving sudden infant death syndrome.
On the behaviour of the GMM estimator in persistent dynamic panel data models with unrestricted initial conditions.
Saddlepoint approximations for the doubly noncentral t.
Simplicial principal component analysis for density functions in Bayes spaces.
Factorial and reduced K-means reconsidered.
Optimising k.
Estimating probabilities under the three-parameter gamma distribution using composite sampling.
Statistical analysis of neuromuscular blockade response: contributions to an automatic controller calibration.
A method of predicting the number of clusters using Rand's statistic.
The DetS and DetMM estimators for multivariate location and scatter.
An improved method for the computation of maximum likeliood estimates for multinomial overdispersion models.
Transdimensional sequential Monte Carlo using variational Bayes - SMCVB.
Easily simulated multivariate binary distributions with given positive and negative correlations.
SCOMDY models based on pair-copula constructions with application to exchange rates.
Minimum disparity computation via the iteratively reweighted least integrated squares algorithms.
Permutation procedures with censored data.
On Moran's &#124; coefficient under heterogeneity.
Modelling small area counts in the presence of overdispersion and spatial autocorrelation.
Clustering with the multivariate normal inverse Gaussian distribution.
Latent class models for classification.
Optimal experimental designs for partial likelihood information.
Finite mixture of gamma distributions: A conjugate prior.
A comparison of algorithms for fitting the PARAFAC model.
Investigating the multimodality of multivariate data with principal curves.
Maximum likelihood estimation of triangular and polygonal distributions.
Model-based methods to identify multiple cluster structures in a data set.
Weighted and robust archetypal analysis.
Automatic bandwidth selection for circular density estimation.
Regression with fuzzy random data.
Dual models for possibilistic regression analysis.
New prediction method for the mixed logistic model applied in a marketing problem.
Spatiotemporal and spatial threshold models for relating UV exposures and skin cancer in the central United States.
Bayesian analysis of robust Poisson geometric process model using heavy-tailed distributions.
A unifying model involving a categorical and/or dimensional reduction for multimode data.
Bootstrap hypothesis testing for some common statistical problems: A critical evaluation of size and power properties.
Tests for Gaussian graphical models.
Bayesian network data imputation with application to survival tree analysis.
Point and interval estimation for extreme-value regression model under Type-II censoring.
Kernel weighted influence measures.
Pairwise likelihood for the longitudinal mixed Rasch model.
Balancing type one and two errors in multiple testing for differential expression of genes.
Principal component regression for data containing outliers and missing elements.
Spatial prediction of ozone concentration profiles.
Using capture-recapture data and hybrid Monte Carlo sampling to estimate an animal population affected by an environmental catastrophe.
Realized stochastic volatility with leverage and long memory.
Comparison of feature selection and classification algorithms in identifying malicious executables.
Sovereign credit ratings, market volatility, and financial gains.
The geometry of time-varying cross-correlation random fields.
A multiple imputation approach to the analysis of interval-censored failure time data with the additive hazards model.
Erratum to: "Testing for the generalized normal-Laplace distribution with applications" [Computational Statistics and Data Analysis 54 (2010) 3174-3180].
Effects of ignoring baseline on modeling transitions from intact cognition to dementia.
Structure learning in Bayesian Networks using regular vines.
Type I and type II fractional Brownian motions: A reconsideration.
Partially varying coefficient single index proportional hazards regression models.
Correcting MM estimates for "fat" data sets.
Mixture-based clustering for the ordered stereotype model.
Model selection in binary and tobit quantile regression using the Gibbs sampler.
On marginal likelihood computation in change-point models.
A smoothing principle for the Huber and other location M-estimators.
On the index of dissimilarity for lack of fit in loglinear and log-multiplicative models.
Inference for the Weibull distribution with progressive hybrid censoring.
Non-parametric log-concave mixtures.
Hierarchical-likelihood approach for nonlinear mixed-effects models.
Confidence intervals for a binomial parameter based on binary data subject to false-positive misclassification.
Association estimation for clustered failure time data with a cure fraction.
The indirect continuous-GMM estimation.
Fast computation of high-dimensional multivariate normal probabilities.
A visual display device for significant features in complicated signals.
Assessing influence in Gaussian long-memory models.
Sensitivity analysis of predictive modeling for responses from the three-parameter Weibull model with a follow-up doubly censored sample of cancer patients.
Independent Component Analysis for the objective classification of globular clusters of the galaxy NGC 5128.
Implementing Bayesian predictive procedures: The K-prime and K-square distributions.
Stein's method in high dimensional classification and applications.
Optimal control of nonlinear dynamic econometric models: An algorithm and an application.
Accurate pairwise convolutions of non-negative vectors via FFT.
Minimum distance estimation of ARFIMA processes.
Latent class models for mixed variables with applications in Archaeometry.
Survival prediction using gene expression data: A review and comparison.
Biased estimation in a simple multivariate regression model.
Bayesian classification for bivariate normal gene expression.
Generalised Procrustes Analysis with optimal scaling: Exploring data from a power supplier.
Applications of unbiased perturbations towards quantifying robustness with pragmatic geometric methods.
Bayesian inference through encompassing priors and importance sampling for a class of marginal models for categorical data.
Nonparametric estimation of the tree structure of a nested Archimedean copula.
Modeling strategies in longitudinal data analysis: Covariate, variance function and correlation structure selection.
Semiparametric regression with shape-constrained penalized splines.
A normal approximation for the chi-square distribution.
Quasi-plus sampling edge correction for spatial point patterns.
A convex version of multivariate adaptive regression splines.
Semiparametric score driven volatility models.
Hierarchical models for repeated binary data using the IBF sampler.
An O(N) parallel method of computing the Log-Jacobian of the variable transformation for models with spatial interaction on a lattice.
Exact maximum likelihood estimation of structured or unit root multivariate time series models.
Multiple imputation of missing values in a cancer mortality analysis with estimated exposure dose.
A profile-based approach to parametric sensitivity in multiresponse regression models.
Conditional quantile estimation based on optimal quantization: From theory to practice.
Maximum likelihood estimation of ordered multinomial probabilities by geometric programming.
The doubly smoothed maximum likelihood estimation for location-shifted semiparametric mixtures.
A Monte Carlo study of the accuracy and robustness of ten bivariate location estimators.
Introduction to face recognition and evaluation of algorithm performance.
Computing efficient exact designs of experiments using integer quadratic programming.
Informative transcription factor selection using support vector machine-based generalized approximate cross validation criteria.
An improved method for generalized constrained canonical correlation analysis.
An algorithm for constructing mixed-level k-circulant supersaturated designs.
Outlier identification in high dimensions.
Log-modified Weibull regression models with censored data: Sensitivity and residual analysis.
Improving the reliability of bootstrap tests with the fast double bootstrap.
Some extensions of score matching.
Forecasting time series using principal component analysis with respect to instrumental variables.
Nonparametric feature screening.
A measure of association for complex data.
Spline nonparametric quasi-likelihood regression within the frame of the accelerated failure time model.
An extension of the Williams trend test to general unbalanced linear models.
Empirical characterization of random forest variable importance measures.
Logistic regression with weight grouping priors.
A robust testing procedure for the equality of covariance matrices.
On the versatility of the combination of the weighted log-rank statistics.
Sufficient dimension reduction in multivariate regressions with categorical predictors.
Fast estimation algorithm for likelihood-based analysis of repeated categorical responses.
A linearly distributed lag estimator with r-convex coefficients.
A synthesis of canonical variate analysis, generalised canonical correlation and Procrustes analysis.
On robust testing for conditional heteroscedasticity in time series models.
Random and fuzzy sets in coarse data analysis.
Sparse seemingly unrelated regression modelling: Applications in finance and econometrics.
Two-level experiments for binary response data.
Interval estimation of odds ratio in a stratified randomized clinical trial with noncompliance.
A novel relative entropy-posterior predictive model checking approach with limited information statistics for latent trait models in sparse 2<sup>k</sup> contingency tables.
Agglomerative hierarchical clustering of continuous variables based on mutual information.
An estimation method of the average effect and the different accident risks when modelling a road safety measure: A simulation study.
Comparison of aligned Friedman rank and parametric methods for testing interactions in split-plot designs.
A weighted fuzzy c.
Locally adaptive image denoising by a statistical multiresolution criterion.
A Bayesian mixture of lasso regressions with t-errors.
Parsimonious skew mixture models for model-based clustering and classification.
Estimation in step-stress accelerated life tests for the exponentiated exponential distribution with type-I censoring.
Generalized F-tests for the multivariate normal mean.
Improved point and interval estimation for a beta regression model.
L<sub>1</sub>-norm projection pursuit principal component analysis.
Analysis of presence-only data via semi-supervised learning approaches.
On a dispersion model with Pearson residual responses.
Bayesian multiscale smoothing in supervised and semi-supervised kernel discriminant analysis.
Weighted average least squares estimation with nonspherical disturbances and an application to the Hong Kong housing market.
Simulation-based two-stage estimation for multiple nonparametric regression.
Bootstrap corrections of treatment effect estimates following selection.
Computing highly accurate or exact P-values using importance sampling.
Nested nonnegative cone analysis.
A simple method for screening variables before clustering microarray data.
Estimating random-intercept models on data streams.
On shortest prediction intervals in log-Gaussian random fields.
Tests for regression models with heteroskedasticity of unknown form.
A simulation study comparing weighted estimating equations with multiple imputation based estimating equations for longitudinal binary data.
Hierarchical multilinear models for multiway data.
Fuzzy data treated as functional data: A one-way ANOVA test approach.
Jackknife empirical likelihood inference for the mean absolute deviation.
Computationally efficient approximate likelihood procedures for the Boolean model.
The joint model of the logistic model and linear random effect model - An application to predict orthostatic hypertension for subacute stroke patients.
Likelihood inference for generalized Pareto distribution.
Incorporation of gene exchangeabilities improves the reproducibility of gene set rankings.
Model selection in kernel ridge regression.
On the identifiability and estimation of generalized linear models with parametric nonignorable missing data mechanism.
Bootstrap approach to the multi-sample test of means with imprecise data.
Bayesian estimation and variable selection for single index models.
Random average shifted histograms.
A nonparametric procedure for blind image deblurring.
New statistical software for the proportional hazards model with current status data.
Optimal confidence interval for the largest mean of correlated normal populations and its application to stock fund evaluation.
Bayesian estimation of random effects models for multivariate responses of mixed data.
Bayesian inference for additive mixed quantile regression models.
An extensive comparison of recent classification tools applied to microarray data.
A test for the two-sample problem based on empirical characteristic functions.
Generalized orthogonal components regression for high dimensional generalized linear models.
Reference analysis for Birnbaum-Saunders distribution.
Acceleration of the EM algorithm: P-EM versus epsilon algorithm.
Statistical inference for partially linear stochastic models with heteroscedastic errors.
Generalized estimating equations and regression diagnostics for longitudinal controlled clinical trials: A case study.
Financial econometric analysis at ultra-high frequency: Data handling concerns.
Predicting the yield curve using forecast combinations.
Additional sources of bias in half-life estimation.
Statistical inference for the common mean of two log-normal distributions and some applications in reliability.
Noise peeling methods to improve boosting algorithms.
On the online estimation of local constant volatilities.
Dimensionality reduction when data are density functions.
Simple and interpretable discrimination.
Selecting the number of components in principal component analysis using cross-validation approximations.
Factor-GMM estimation with large sets of possibly weak instruments.
A hypothesis test using bias-adjusted AR estimators for classifying time series in small samples.
Empirical likelihood ratio confidence interval estimation of best linear combinations of biomarkers.
EGARCH models with fat tails, skewness and leverage.
A new image segmentation algorithm with applications to image inpainting.
Usage of a pair of S-paths in Bayesian estimation of a unimodal density.
Volatility forecasting using threshold heteroskedastic models of the intra-day range.
Theoretical and practical aspects of the quadratic error in the local linear estimation of the conditional density for functional data.
A bivariate frailty model for events with a permanent survivor fraction and non-monotonic hazards; with an application to age at first maternity.
Bayesian analysis of tail asymmetry based on a threshold extreme value model.
An exact polynomial time algorithm for computing the least trimmed squares estimate.
Ordered inference using observed confidence levels.
Nonparametric Stein-type shrinkage covariance matrix estimators in high-dimensional settings.
Approximate confidence interval for standard deviation of nonnormal distributions.
Statistical functions and procedures in IDL 5.6 and 6.0.
A maximum likelihood approximation method for Dirichlet's parameter estimation.
Covariance matrix estimation for left-censored data.
Performance evaluation of iterative geometric fitting algorithms.
Estimating joinpoints in continuous time scale for multiple change-point models.
Parametrically guided nonparametric density and hazard estimation with censored data.
Least squares type estimation for Cox regression model and specification error.
Resistant estimates for high dimensional and functional data based on random projections.
An exact method of testing equality of several binomial proportions to a specified standard.
k-Sample tests based on the likelihood ratio.
Convergence of random k-nearest-neighbour imputation.
Online wavelet-based density estimation for non-stationary streaming data.
EM algorithms for multivariate Gaussian mixture models with truncated and censored data.
Extending a global sensitivity analysis technique to models with correlated parameters.
The influence of violations of assumptions on multilevel parameter estimates and their standard errors.
2D wavelet-based spectra with applications.
On the estimation and diagnostic checking of the ARFIMA-HYGARCH model.
Generalized linear random effects models with varying coefficients.
Statistical efficiency of curve fitting algorithms.
Optimal allocation of change points in simple step-stress experiments under Type-II censoring.
Doubly fractional models for dynamic heteroscedastic cycles.
Statistical study of asymmetry in cell lineage data.
How accurate are the extremely small P-values used in genomic research: An evaluation of numerical libraries.
Estimate-based goodness-of-fit test for large sparse multinomial distributions.
Improved near-exact distributions for the product of independent Generalized Gamma random variables.
A stochastic approximation view of boosting.
EM vs MM: A case study.
Algorithms for bounded-influence estimation.
Stock and bond return predictability: the discrimination power of model selection criteria.
A Bayesian conditional autoregressive geometric process model for range data.
Approximating the distributions of estimators of financial risk under an asymmetric Laplace law.
Order statistics from inverse weibull distribution and associated inference.
Robust estimation of mixture complexity for count data.
Testing structural change in partially linear single-index models with error-prone linear covariates.
Discovery, visualization and performance analysis of enterprise workflow.
Model-based replacement of rounded zeros in compositional data: Classical and robust approaches.
A simple more general boxplot method for identifying outliers.
A new generalization of the negative binomial distribution.
On testing the equivalence of treatments using the measure of range.
Counterfactual distributions of wages via quantile regression with endogeneity.
Projection density estimation under a m-sample semiparametric model.
A comparative study of the finite-sample performance of some portmanteau tests for randomness of a time series.
The aggregate association index.
A procedure for finding an improved upper bound on the number of optimal design points.
Bayesian analysis of a Gibbs hard-core point pattern model with varying repulsion range.
Drop-the-losers design: Binomial case.
A note on the lack of symmetry in the graphical lasso.
A small sample comparison of maximum likelihood, moments and L-moments methods for the asymmetric exponential power distribution.
Nonparametric estimation of location and scale parameters.
Generalized exponential distribution: Bayesian estimations.
Power computation for hypothesis testing with high-dimensional covariance matrices.
Discussion of different logistic models with functional data. Application to Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
On Birnbaum-Saunders inference.
Three-step estimation of latent Markov models with covariates.
Joint segmentation of multivariate Gaussian processes using mixed linear models.
A new flexible direct ROC regression model: Application to the detection of cardiovascular risk factors by anthropometric measures.
Adaptive functional mixed NHPP models for the analysis of recurrent event panel data.
The asymptotic and finite sample distributions of OLS and simple IV in simultaneous equations.
Bayesian model determination for multivariate ordinal and binary data.
Bayesian estimation of free-knot splines using reversible jumps.
Estimation of empirical null using a mixture of normals and its use in local false discovery rate.
A robust sign test for panel unit roots under cross sectional dependence.
Dealing with monotone likelihood in a model for speckled data.
Consistent fundamental matrix estimation in a quadratic measurement error model arising in motion analysis.
Numerical linear algebra in the integrity theory of the Global Positioning System.
Prior selection for panel vector autoregressions.
One stage multiple comparisons with the average for exponential location parameters under heteroscedasticity.
Non-parametric entropy estimators based on simple linear regression.
Empirical and kernel estimation of covariate distribution conditional on survival time.
An approximate likelihood approach to nonlinear mixed effects models via spline approximation.
A Bayesian approach for analyzing a cluster-randomized trial with adjustment for risk misclassification.
Cross-validated wavelet block thresholding for non-Gaussian errors.
Robust estimation of the parameters of g-and -h distributions, with applications to outlier detection.
Eliminating bias due to censoring in Kendall's tau estimators for quasi-independence of truncation and failure.
Graphical methods for investigating the finite-sample properties of confidence regions.
3D space-varying coefficient models with application to diffusion tensor imaging.
Acceleration schemes with application to the EM algorithm.
NHPP models with Markov switching for software reliability.
Nonparametric additive model with grouped lasso and maximizing area under the ROC curve.
Partial identification in the statistical matching problem.
Experiments with, and on, algorithms for maximum likelihood clustering.
A simple testing procedure for unit root and model specification.
Comparing two independent samples using the risk difference under inverse sampling.
Modelling the US, UK and Japanese unemployment rates: Fractional integration and structural breaks.
Mechanism-based emulation of dynamic simulation models: Concept and application in hydrology.
Control chart based on likelihood ratio for monitoring linear profiles.
An adaptive minimum spanning tree test for detecting irregularly-shaped spatial clusters.
Maintenance of fast updated frequent pattern trees for record deletion.
A novel method for testing normality in a mixed model of a nested classification.
Linear instrumental variables model averaging estimation.
A note on confidence interval estimation for a linear function of binomial proportions.
Computing moments of ratios of quadratic forms in normal variables.
Multivariate trees for mixed outcomes.
A diagnostic method for simultaneous feature selection and outlier identification in linear regression.
Support vector machines with adaptive L<sub>q</sub> penalty.
EM-type algorithms for computing restricted MLEs in multivariate normal distributions and multivariate t-distributions.
Bayesian models for two-sample time-course microarray experiments.
A fast algorithm for two-dimensional Kolmogorov-Smirnov two sample tests.
Multivariate methods using mixtures: Correspondence analysis, scaling and pattern-detection.
Principal component analysis of measures, with special emphasis on grain-size curves.
Time-efficient estimation of conditional mutual information for variable selection in classification.
A general construction method for mixed-level supersaturated design.
A combined overdispersed and marginalized multilevel model.
Improving MCMC, using efficient importance sampling.
Using data images for outlier detection.
Robust analysis of default intensity.
Variable selection bias in regression trees with constant fits.
A latent class selection model for nonignorably missing data.
Fuzzy and possibilistic clustering for fuzzy data.
Power and sample size calculations for Poisson and zero-inflated Poisson regression models.
A multiple imputation approach to the analysis of clustered interval-censored failure time data with the additive hazards model.
Linear Bayes estimator for the two-parameter exponential family under type II censoring.
FSR methods for second-order regression models.
Comparing two binary diagnostic tests in the presence of verification bias.
Finding multivariate outliers with FastPCS.
Preface.
Non-parametric bootstrap mean squared error estimation for M-quantile estimators of small area averages, quantiles and poverty indicators.
Visualizing cereal world.
Structural equation modeling with near singular covariance matrices.
Examples in which misspecification of a random effects distribution reduces efficiency, and possible remedies.
Testing volatility autocorrelation in the constant elasticity of variance stochastic volatility model.
Repeated measures analysis for functional data.
Using subspace algorithm cointegration analysis: Simulation performance and application to the term structure.
Estimators of sensitivity and specificity in the presence of verification bias: A Bayesian approach.
Approximate conditional least squares estimation of a nonlinear state-space model via an unscented Kalman filter.
A unifying framework for analysing common cyclical features in cointegrated time series.
Information criteria for Fay-Herriot model selection.
Discriminating between Weibull and generalized exponential distributions.
Robust heart rate variability analysis by generalized entropy minimization.
A new adaptive procedure for multiple window scan statistics.
Adaptive rejection Metropolis sampling using Lagrange interpolation polynomials of degree 2.
Algorithms and applications for approximate nonnegative matrix factorization.
HHCART: An oblique decision tree.
Imputation through finite Gaussian mixture models.
Fast robust estimation of prediction error based on resampling.
Influence diagnostics in nonlinear mixed-effects elliptical models.
Efficient importance sampling for ML estimation of SCD models.
Empirical Bayes and Fully Bayes procedures to detect high-risk areas in disease mapping.
Missing data imputation, matching and other applications of random recursive partitioning.
Extremal financial risk models and portfolio evaluation.
Transformations, regression geometry and R.
Dimension reduction using the generalized gradient direction.
Minimum density power divergence estimator for Poisson autoregressive models.
Smoothing splines estimators in functional linear regression with errors-in-variables.
Assessment of observer agreement for matched repeated binary measurements.
Estimation uncertainty in structural inflation models with real wage rigidities.
An alternative specification of generalized linear mixed models.
Influence diagnostics in beta regression.
Using spreadsheet solvers in sample design.
Does a Gibbs sampler approach to spatial Poisson regression models outperform a single site MH sampler?
Dynamic factors in periodic time-varying regressions with an application to hourly electricity load modelling.
Bayesian computation for logistic regression.
Generalized nonparametric smoothing with mixed discrete and continuous data.
Classification in segmented regression problems.
Reinforcement learning-based design of sampling policies under cost constraints in Markov random fields: Application to weed map reconstruction.
Assessment of two approximation methods for computing posterior model probabilities.
Variable selection in high-dimensional partially linear additive models for composite quantile regression.
A maximum entropy type test of fit: Composite hypothesis case.
Residual analysis of linear mixed models using a simulation approach.
Derived components regression using the BACON algorithm.
Conversion of categorical variables into numerical variables via Bayesian network classifiers for binary classifications.
Variance estimation in censored quantile regression via induced smoothing.
On some lifetime distributions with decreasing failure rate.
Box and Cox power-transformation to confined and censored nonnormal responses in regression.
Deviance information criterion (DIC) in Bayesian multiple QTL mapping.
Iteratively reweighted adaptive lasso for conditional heteroscedastic time series with applications to AR-ARCH type processes.
Generalized Birnbaum-Saunders kernel density estimators and an analysis of financial data.
Statistics to measure correlation for data mining applications.
Response modeling methodology (RMM) - maximum likelihood estimation procedures.
Influence diagnostics in linear and nonlinear mixed-effects models with censored data.
Estimating inter-group interaction radius for point processes with nested spatial structures.
Group subset selection for linear regression.
Robust centroid method.
Semiparametric models for capture-recapture studies with covariates.
Computing the distribution of the product of two continuous random variables.
Robust likelihood inference for regression parameters in partially linear models.
Hidden Markov models with arbitrary state dwell-time distributions.
On robust tail index estimation.
Comparisons of improved risk estimators of the multivariate mean vector.
Simulated annealing for higher dimensional projection depth.
Hierarchical Bayesian modelling of spatial age-dependent mortality.
Bayesian estimation based on trimmed samples from Pareto populations.
Comparative study of ROC regression techniques - Applications for the computer-aided diagnostic system in breast cancer detection.
Gibbs ensembles for nearly compatible and incompatible conditional models.
Mixture periodic autoregressive conditional heteroskedastic models.
On time series model selection involving many candidate ARMA models.
Power comparisons for an improved disease clustering test.
Mixtures of skew-t factor analyzers.
A hierarchical modeling approach for risk assessment in developmental toxicity studies.
Multi-way PLS regression: Monotony convergence of tri-linear PLS2 and optimality of parameters.
k-mean alignment for curve clustering.
Modelling discrete longitudinal data using acyclic probabilistic finite automata.
Efficient and exact tests of the risk ratio in a correlated 2&times;2 table with structural zero.
Kappa statistic for clustered physician-patients polytomous data.
Probabilistic wind speed forecasting using Bayesian model averaging with truncated normal components.
Model modification in structural equation modeling by imposing constraints.
Asymmetric type II compound Laplace distribution and its application to microarray gene expression.
Confidence intervals of the hazard rate function for discrete distributions using mixtures.
Forecasting with spatial panel data.
Criteria for global minimum of sum of squares in nonlinear regression.
On some predictors of times to failure of censored items in progressively censored samples.
Statistical inference for the risk ratio in 2&times;2 binomial trials with structural zero.
Construction of experimental designs for estimating variance components.
Bayesian nearest-neighbor analysis via record value statistics and nonhomogeneous spatial Poisson processes.
Modeling dynamic effects of promotion on interpurchase times.
Forecast comparison of principal component regression and principal covariate regression.
Simulation-based fully Bayesian experimental design for mixed effects models.
Towards Bayesian experimental design for nonlinear models that require a large number of sampling times.
Sandwich algorithms for Bayesian variable selection.
Non-linear properties of conditional returns under scale mixtures.
Level choice in truncated total least squares.
Exploratory data analysis of interval-valued symbolic data with matrix visualization.
Acceleration of the EM algorithm via extrapolation methods: Review, comparison and new methods.
Improving the performance of predictive process modeling for large datasets.
Nonparametric estimation and bootstrap confidence intervals for the optimal maintenance time of a repairable system.
Joint hierarchical generalized linear models with multivariate Gaussian random effects.
The use of historical controls in estimating simultaneous confidence intervals for comparisons against a concurrent control.
Improving the computation of censored quantile regressions.
Time-frequency analysis - G.
Robust learning from bites for data mining.
Estimation of parameters for exponentiated-Weibull family under type-II censoring scheme.
Selecting marker genes for cancer classification using supervised weighted kernel clustering and the support vector machine.
Retraction notice to "Social networks of author-coauthor relationships" [Computational Statistics &amp; Data Analysis 52 (4) 2177-2184].
Absolute penalty and shrinkage estimation in partially linear models.
GACV for quantile smoothing splines.
Model selection for support vector machines via uniform design.
Deriving the autocovariances of powers of Markov-switching GARCH models, with applications to statistical inference.
Hypothesis testing in the unrestricted and restricted parametric spaces of structural models.
Some edge correction methods for marked spatio-temporal point process models.
Wavelets in functional data analysis: Estimation of multidimensional curves and their derivatives.
Robust concentration graph model selection.
Testing for independence in heavy-tailed time series using the codifference function.
An extension of the Gauss-Newton algorithm for estimation under asymmetric loss.
Long memory and nonlinearities in realized volatility: A Markov switching approach.
Comparison of linear shrinkage estimators of a large covariance matrix in normal and non-normal distributions.
Nonparametric multiple-comparison methods for simply ordered medians.
A new two-stage multiple comparison procedure for comparing several exponential populations with a control under heteroscedasticity.
Entropy test and residual empirical process for autoregressive conditional duration models.
Evaluating volatility forecasts in option pricing in the context of a simulated options market.
Functional coefficient autoregressive models for vector time series.
Asymptotic expansion of the sample correlation coefficient under nonnormality.
Regression analysis of multivariate current status data with auxiliary covariates under the additive hazards model.
Computation of estimates in segmented regression and a liquidity effect model.
Bayesian inference for an item response model for modeling test anxiety.
Fitting large-scale structured additive regression models using Krylov subspace methods.
Generalized degrees of freedom and adaptive model selection in linear mixed-effects models.
Identification of the minimum effective dose for right-censored survival data.
Domain selection for the varying coefficient model via local polynomial regression.
Variable selection in regression models using nonstandard optimisation of information criteria.
Estimation of interclass correlation via a Kotz-type distribution.
Combinatorial individual differences scaling within the city-block metric.
Multivariate denoising using wavelets and principal component analysis.
Inference on the Weibull distribution based on record values.
Point and interval estimation for the two-parameter Birnbaum-Saunders distribution based on Type-II censored samples.
Modified linear discriminant analysis approaches for classification of high-dimensional microarray data.
A partial spline approach for semiparametric estimation of varying-coefficient partially linear models.
On Crevecoeur's bathtub-shaped failure rate model.
Faithfulness and learning hypergraphs from discrete distributions.
Most powerful rank tests for perfect rankings.
Robust estimation in stochastic frontier models.
Mixture model clustering for mixed data with missing information.
Using random subspace method for prediction and variable importance assessment in linear regression.
Classification with decision trees from a nonparametric predictive inference perspective.
Spatial point process models for location-allocation problems.
Efficient maximum approximated likelihood inference for Tukey's g-and-h distribution.
Comparing multiple sensitivities and specificities with different diagnostic criteria: Applications to sexual abuse and sexual health research.
The wild bootstrap and heteroskedasticity-robust tests for serial correlation in dynamic regression models.
Estimating the diffusion coefficient function for a diversified world stock index.
Robust tests in generalized linear models with missing responses.
Score tests for zero-inflated generalized Poisson mixed regression models.
Seemingly unrelated regression model with unequal size observations: computational aspects.
The univariate MT-STAR model and a new linearity and unit root test procedure.
Principal Component Analysis of symmetric fuzzy data.
Estimating turning points of the failure rate of the extended Weibull distribution.
Exploratory data analysis leading towards the most interesting simple association rules.
Nonparametric regression models for right-censored data using Bernstein polynomials.
An active set algorithm to estimate parameters in generalized linear models with ordered predictors.
A relative error-based approach for variable selection.
Cox proportional hazards models with frailty for negatively correlated employment processes.
CECM: Constrained evidential C-means algorithm.
Simulation-based Bayesian estimation of an affine term structure model.
The bivariate Sinh-Elliptical distribution with applications to Birnbaum-Saunders distribution and associated regression and measurement error models.
Estimation of an oblique structure via penalized likelihood factor analysis.
On a quadratic eigenproblem occurring in regularized total least squares.
Stacked Laplace-EM algorithm for duration models with time-varying and random effects.
New approaches to compute Bayes factor in finite mixture models.
Confidence bands for the CDF when sampling from a finite population.
Perfect simulation for marked point processes.
Spatial latent class analysis model for spatially distributed multivariate binary data.
Dynamic factor multivariate GARCH model.
Choosing initial values for the EM algorithm for finite mixtures.
Analysis of multivariate survival data with Clayton regression models under conditional and marginal formulations.
A bootstrap approximation for the distribution of the Local Whittle estimator.
Cutpoint selection for discretizing a continuous covariate for generalized estimating equations.
The least trimmed quantile regression.
Conditional tests for homogeneity of zero-inflated Poisson and Poisson-hurdle distributions.
An even faster algorithm for ridge regression of reduced rank data.
Mining and visualising ordinal data with non-parametric continuous BBNs.
Simultaneous multifactor DIF analysis and detection in Item Response Theory.
Nonparametric multiple comparison procedures for ordered parameters in balanced incomplete blocks.
Assessing classifiers in terms of the partial area under the ROC curve.
A Bayesian analysis of an agricultural field trial with three spatial dimensions.
Bayesian inference in non-homogeneous Markov mixtures of periodic autoregressions with state-dependent exogenous variables.
Progressively Type-II censored competing risks data from Lomax distributions.
Approximate maximum likelihood estimation of the autologistic model.
Computing estimates of continuous time macroeconometric models on the basis of discrete data.
Robust fitting of mixture regression models.
Combining regular and irregular histograms by penalized likelihood.
Some properties of multivariate INAR(1) processes.
Tools for fuzzy random variables: Embeddings and measurabilities.
Credible sets for risk ratios in over-reported two-sample binomial data using the double-sampling scheme.
Nonlinear expectile regression with application to Value-at-Risk and expected shortfall estimation.
Modeling nonstationary covariance function with convolution on sphere.
Flexible surrogate marker evaluation from several randomized clinical trials with continuous endpoints, using R and SAS.
Comparison of hierarchical and marginal likelihood estimators for binary outcomes.
Notes on testing equality in binary data under a three period crossover design.
A quick procedure for model selection in the case of mixture of normal densities.
Systematic physics constrained parameter estimation of stochastic differential equations.
Statistical analysis of bivariate failure time data with Marshall-Olkin Weibull models.
Estimating the error variance after a pre-test for an interval restriction on the coefficients.
New normalization methods using support vector machine quantile regression approach in microarray analysis.
Notes on maximum likelihood estimation for the three-parameter Burr XII distribution.
Boosting and instability for regression trees.
Comparison of quantiles for several normal populations.
Least squares estimation of a k-monotone density function.
Semiparametric analysis of survival data with left truncation and right censoring.
Parametric estimation of change-points for actual event data in recurrent events models.
Interval-valued time series models: Estimation based on order statistics exploring the Agriculture Marketing Service data.
Regularized reduced rank growth curve models.
Estimation of the mean squared error of predictors of small area linear parameters under a logistic mixed model.
A global optimization heuristic for estimating agent based models.
Disentangling mark/point interaction in marked-point processes.
Multilayer statistical classifiers.
Bayesian multiscale analysis for time series data.
Constrained spanning tree algorithms for irregularly-shaped spatial clustering.
Shrinkage-based regularization tests for high-dimensional data with application to gene set analysis.
Trend vector models for the analysis of change in continuous time for multiple groups.
Reiss and Thomas' automatic selection of the number of extremes.
Monotone splines lasso.
Optimal acceptance sampling plans for log-location-scale lifetime models using average risks.
Testing the equality of a large number of normal population means.
Utilizing identity-by-descent probabilities for genetic fine-mapping in population based samples, via spatial smoothing of haplotype effects.
Density estimation on manifolds with boundary.
Unified generalized iterative scaling and its applications.
Structured variable selection via prior-induced hierarchical penalty functions.
Estimating the percentage of food expenditure in small areas using bias-corrected P-spline based estimators.
Long memory with stochastic variance model: A recursive analysis for US inflation.
Fitting circles to data with correlated noise.
Mixtures of equispaced normal distributions and their use for testing symmetry with univariate data.
Relevance measures for subset variable selection in regression problems based on k.
Estimating cell probabilities under order-restricted odds ratios.
On optimum choice of k.
Variational algorithms for biclustering models.
Generation of prediction optimal projection on latent factors by a stochastic search algorithm.
On likelihood inference in binary mixed model with an application to COPD data.
Experimental designs for drug combination studies.
Minimum disparity estimation: Improved efficiency through inlier modification.
Parsimonious additive models.
The use of cumulative sums for detection of changepoints in the rate parameter of a Poisson Process.
On the Fern&aacute;ndez-Steel distribution: Inference and application.
Tests for zero-inflation and overdispersion: A new approach based on the stochastic convex order.
Time series clustering based on forecast densities.
Consistent estimation in an implicit quadratic measurement error model.
Smooth semiparametric and nonparametric Bayesian estimation of bivariate densities from bivariate histogram data.
Accurate value-at-risk forecasting based on the normal-GARCH model.
Some properties of regression estimators in GEE models for clustered ordinal data.
Aggregation and systematic sampling of periodic ARMA processes.
Corrigendum to "Modified versions of Bayesian Information Criterion for genome-wide association studies" [Comput. Statist. Data Anal. 56(5) (2012) 1038-1051].
Nonparametric variogram and covariogram estimation with Fourier-Bessel matrices.
Model selection for zero-inflated regression with missing covariates.
A nonparametric measure of local association for two-way contingency tables.
Data-driven algorithms for dimension reduction in causal inference.
Transdimensional approximate Bayesian computation for inference on invasive species models with latent variables of unknown dimension.
I<sub>L</sub><sup>r</sup>-optimal designs for a hierarchically ordered system of regression models.
Sequential Monte Carlo EM for multivariate probit models.
Special section on Microsoft Excel 2007.
A reinvestigation of robust scale estimation in finite samples.
Drift mining in data: A framework for addressing drift in classification.
The fuzzy approach to statistical analysis.
Maximum likelihood computation based on the Fisher scoring and Gauss-Newton quadratic approximations.
A predictive deviance criterion for selecting a generative model in semi-supervised classification.
The cluster graphical lasso for improved estimation of Gaussian graphical models.
Quantile regression with doubly censored data.
A procedure for robust fitting in nonlinear regression.
Testing structural equation models: The effect of kurtosis.
Estimating population sizes for capture-recapture sampling with binomial mixtures.
Large sample approximations for the LR statistic for equality of the smallest eigenvalues of a covariance matrix under elliptical population.
Auxiliary mixture sampling with applications to logistic models.
Mixtures of experts for understanding model discrepancy in dynamic computer models.
Functional density synchronization.
A new algorithm to generate beta processes.
Cressie and Read power-divergences as influence measures for logistic regression models.
Assessing continuous bivariate effects among different groups through nonparametric regression models: An application to breast cancer detection.
Estimating crude cumulative incidences through multinomial logit regression on discrete cause-specific hazards.
Variational Bayesian methods for spatial data analysis.
Latent growth curve modeling for longitudinal ordinal responses with applications.
On algorithms for restricted maximum likelihood estimation.
On the identification of predictive biomarkers: Detecting treatment-by-gene interaction in high-dimensional data.
Estimation from aggregate data.
Finding approximate solutions to combinatorial problems with very large data sets using BIRCH.
Optimal aggregation of linear time series models.
A stochastic EM algorithm for a semiparametric mixture model.
Parameter constraints in generalized linear latent variable models.
Modeling sleep fragmentation in sleep hypnograms: An instance of fast, scalable discrete-state, discrete-time analyses.
Bayesian inference for alpha.
New formulations for recursive residuals as a diagnostic tool in the fixed-effects linear model with design matrices of arbitrary rank.
Bootstrap estimated true and false positive rates and ROC curve.
Parallel exact sampling and evaluation of Gaussian Markov random fields.
Fast and robust bootstrap for LTS.
l<sub>1</sub> regularized multiplicative iterative path algorithm for non-negative generalized linear models.
An R implementation for generalized Birnbaum-Saunders distributions.
Weighted LAD-LASSO method for robust parameter estimation and variable selection in regression.
Modeling dichotomous item responses with free-knot splines.
Principal components for multivariate functional data.
Phase and amplitude-based clustering for functional data.
Confidence interval estimating procedures for standardized incidence rates.
Recurrence relations for bivariate t and extended skew-t distributions and an application to order statistics from bivariate t.
Identifying financial time series with similar dynamic conditional correlation.
A pairwise likelihood approach to estimation in multilevel probit models.
A clipped latent variable model for spatially correlated ordered categorical data.
Semiparametric bivariate Archimedean copulas.
A Dirichlet process mixture model for the analysis of correlated binary responses.
Testing for the generalized normal-Laplace distribution with applications.
A periodogram-based metric for time series classification.
Estimating the width of a uniform distribution when data are measured with additive normal errors with known variance.
Ranking procedures for matched pairs with missing data - Asymptotic theory and a small sample approximation.
Bregman divergences in the (m&times;k)-partitioning problem.
Construction of bivariate S-distributions with copulas.
Semi-parametric specification tests for mixing distributions.
Bayesian analysis of an inverse Gaussian correlated frailty model.
Optimal confidence interval for the largest normal mean with unknown variance.
Confidence interval construction for disease prevalence based on partial validation series.
Hierarchical Bayes multivariate estimation of poverty rates based on increasing thresholds for small domains.
A semiparametric accelerated failure time partial linear model and its application to breast cancer.
Asymptotical distributions, parameters and coverage probabilities of tolerance limits.
Weighted empirical likelihood estimates and their robustness properties.
Testing predictor significance with ultra high dimensional multivariate responses.
Parsimonious parameterization of correlation matrices using truncated vines and factor analysis.
Inference for variograms.
Long-term HIV dynamic models incorporating drug adherence and resistance to treatment for prediction of virological responses.
Mixture modeling with applications in schizophrenia research.
A decision support system methodology for forecasting of time series based on soft computing.
Sharp quadratic majorization in one dimension.
Derivatives diagnostics and robustness for smoothing splines.
Jump robust daily covariance estimation by disentangling variance and correlation components.
Sample distribution function based goodness-of-fit test for complex surveys.
G-computation estimation for causal inference with complex longitudinal data.
Multiple factor analysis and clustering of a mixture of quantitative, categorical and frequency data.
FIM for Arnold and Strauss's bivariate gamma distribution.
Temporal aggregation, systematic sampling, and the Hodrick-Prescott filter.
Pairwise dynamic time warping for event data.
Modeling gap times between recurrent events by marginal rate function.
Weighted kappa statistic for clustered matched-pair ordinal data.
Partial least-squares vs. Lanczos bidiagonalization - I: analysis of a projection method for multiple regression.
A flexible extreme value mixture model.
Accelerating the quadratic lower-bound algorithm via optimizing the shrinkage parameter.
On tests of independence based on minimum phi.
An extension of Chao's estimator of population size based on the first three capture frequency counts.
Penalized cluster analysis with applications to family data.
Longitudinal data analysis using sufficient dimension reduction method.
Sparse seasonal and periodic vector autoregressive modeling.
Smoothing dissimilarities to cluster binary data.
A novel moment-based sufficient dimension reduction approach in multivariate regression.
A resistant estimator of multivariate location and dispersion.
Assessing local influence for nonlinear structural equation models with ignorable missing data.
Computational aspects of maximum likelihood estimation of autoregressive fractionally integrated moving average models.
A variance shift model for detection of outliers in the linear mixed model.
Statistical aspects of multilayer perceptrons under data limitations.
Fast robust regression algorithms for problems with Toeplitz structure.
A genetic algorithm approach to determine stratum boundaries and sample sizes of each stratum in stratified sampling.
Selection of components and degrees of smoothing via lasso in high dimensional nonparametric additive models.
Birnbaum-Saunders nonlinear regression models.
RLadyBug - An R package for stochastic epidemic models.
Off-the-peg and bespoke classifiers for fraud detection.
Estimation of seasonal fractionally integrated processes.
Modelling by supersaturated designs.
Kalman filtering from POP-based diagonalization of ARH(1).
Dynamic risk exposures in hedge funds.
An external field prior for the hidden Potts model with application to cone-beam computed tomography.
Hybrid local polynomial wavelet shrinkage: wavelet regression with automatic boundary adjustment.
On simulating Balakrishnan skew-normal variates.
Leverage, heavy-tails and correlated jumps in stochastic volatility models.
Locally adaptive Bayesian P-splines with a Normal-Exponential-Gamma prior.
Asymptotic robustness of the asymptotic biases in structural equation modeling.
A variational Expectation-Maximization algorithm for temporal data clustering.
Cause-specific hazard regression for competing risks data under interval censoring and left truncation.
Goodness-of-fit test for interest rate models: An approach based on empirical processes.
Discrimination on latent components with respect to patterns. Application to multicollinear data.
Supersaturated designs: Are our results significant?
Wavelet based time-varying vector autoregressive modelling.
Robust mixture regression using the t-distribution.
Inference about clustering and parametric assumptions in covariance matrix estimation.
Optimal designed experiments using a Pareto front search for focused preference of multiple objectives.
Introduction to the special issue on statistical signal extraction and filtering.
State space description of national economies: The V4 countries.
Data analysis with fuzzy clustering methods.
Improved variance estimation of maximum likelihood estimators in stable first-order dynamic regression models.
A similarity measure to assess the stability of classification trees.
Preface.
Optimized U-type designs on flexible regions.
Variational Bayesian functional PCA.
Efficient maximum likelihood estimation of copula based meta t-distributions.
Two simple algorithms on linear combination of multiple biomarkers to maximize partial area under the ROC curve.
A note on iterative marginal optimization: a simple algorithm for maximum rank correlation estimation.
Bayesian computing with INLA: New features.
A half-region depth for functional data.
Inference for grouped data with a truncated skew-Laplace distribution.
Robust groupwise least angle regression.
Classification tree analysis using TARGET.
Stabilizing the lasso against cross-validation variability.
A compound class of Weibull and power series distributions.
Binary trees for dissimilarity data.
A minimum Hellinger distance estimator for stochastic differential equations: An application to statistical inference for continuous time interest rate models.
Modeling tick-by-tick realized correlations.
Discrete particle swarm optimization for constructing uniform design on irregular regions.
Repeated median and hybrid filters.
The Third Special Issue on Computational Econometrics.
3rd Special issue on matrix computations and statistics.
Confidence intervals for parameters of two diagnostic tests in the absence of a gold standard.
Comparison of nonparametric methods in nonlinear mixed effects models.
Bayesian hidden Markov model for DNA sequence segmentation: A prior sensitivity analysis.
Simultaneous score confidence bounds for risk differences in multiple comparisons to a control.
A revisit to the common mean problem: Comparing the maximum likelihood estimator with the Graybill-Deal estimator.
A genetic method of LAD estimation for models with censored data.
Homogeneity tests for several Poisson populations.
Generalized linear models with clustered data: Fixed and random effects models.
Erratum to "Point and interval estimation for the two-parameter Birnbaum-Saunders distribution based on Type-II censored samples": [Computational Statistics &amp; Data Analysis 50 (2006) 3222-3242].
Correspondence analysis approach for finding allele associations in population genetic study.
A two-component Weibull mixture to model early and late mortality in a Bayesian framework.
Testing for persistence change in fractionally integrated models: An application to world inflation rates.
A phase II nonparametric control chart based on precedence statistics with runs-type signaling rules.
The analysis of marked point patterns evolving through space and time.
Testing for outliers from a mixture distribution when some data are missing.
General framework and model building in the class of Hidden Mixture Transition Distribution models.
On stepwise pattern recovery of the fused Lasso.
One-sample Bayes inference for symmetric distributions of 3-D rotations.
Adjusted R<sup>2</sup>-type measures for Tweedie models.
Robust designs for series estimation.
A studentized permutation test for the non-parametric Behrens-Fisher problem.
Shrinkage and model selection with correlated variables via weighted fusion.
On the scalability of ordered multi-class ROC analysis.
Empirical likelihood inference for mean functionals with nonignorably missing response data.
A penalized simulated maximum likelihood approach in parameter estimation for stochastic differential equations.
Discriminant analysis of multivariate time series: Application to diagnosis based on ECG signals.
Multiple comparisons for survival data with propensity score adjustment.
Time-dependent frequency domain principal components analysis of multichannel non-stationary signals.
A comparison between Markov approximations and other methods for large spatial data sets.
A spectral clustering method for microarray data.
A multi-rater nonparametric test of agreement and corresponding agreement plot.
K-sample tests for equality of variances of random fuzzy sets.
Estimating confidence intervals for the difference in diagnostic accuracy with three ordinal diagnostic categories without a gold standard.
Numerical integration in logistic-normal models.
Maximum likelihood estimation of the Markov-switching GARCH model.
Identifying cluster number for subspace projected functional data clustering.
Bayesian selection of fertilizer level when crop price depends on quality.
Partially linear transformation cure models for interval-censored data.
Reply to the Comment by O. Arslan on "Information matrices for Laplace and Pareto mixtures".
Statistical simulation and the distribution of distances between identical elements in a random sequence.
A smoothed residual based goodness-of-fit statistic for logistic hierarchical regression models.
Adaptive likelihood ratio approaches for the detection of space-time disease clusters.
Diagnostic checking of the vector multiplicative error model.
E.J. Kontoghiorghes, Editor, Handbook of Parallel Computing and Statistics, Chapman &amp; Hall/CRC, Boca Raton (2006).
Bayesian multiscale feature detection of log-spectral densities.
A fast compact algorithm for cubic spline smoothing.
Small area estimation under spatial nonstationarity.
Boosting ridge regression.
Special Issue on Advances in Data Mining and Robust Statistics.
Comparison of semiparametric and parametric methods for estimating copulas.
Using an Approximate Bayesian Bootstrap to multiply impute nonignorable missing data.
Regularization parameter estimation for large-scale Tikhonov regularization using a priori information.
Detection of linear and circular shapes in image analysis.
Statistical inference for the geometric distribution based on &#948;-records.
A new model for explaining long-range correlations in human time interval production.
Learning algorithms may perform worse with increasing training set size: Algorithm-data incompatibility.
Bayesian multi-regime smooth transition regression with ordered categorical variables.
On multivariate order statistics. Application to ranked set sampling.
Sparse vector Markov switching autoregressive models. Application to multivariate time series of temperature.
Fiducial-based tolerance intervals for some discrete distributions.
A goodness of fit test for copulas based on Rosenblatt's transformation.
The Fisher effect in the presence of time-varying coefficients.
Cobra: A package for co-breaking analysis.
Kernel multilogit algorithm for multiclass classification.
Multivariate mixture modeling using skew-normal independent distributions.
Fast indirect robust generalized method of moments.
Inference for a simple step-stress model with competing risks for failure from the exponential distribution under time constraint.
Confidence intervals for the difference between two means.
An alternative estimation method for the accelerated failure time frailty model.
On testing equality of intraclass correlations under unequal family sizes.
Model-based biclustering of clickstream data.
On the computation of multivariate scenario sets for the skew-t and generalized hyperbolic families.
Reducing the computational cost of the ECF using a nuFFT: A fast and objective probability density estimation method.
Multivariate least-trimmed squares regression estimator.
Bayesian nonparametric classification for spectroscopy data.
Neural networks for bandwidth selection in local linear regression of time series.
Robust methods for heteroskedastic regression.
Joint adaptive mean-variance regularization and variance stabilization of high dimensional data.
Evaluation of matching noise for imputation techniques based on nonparametric local linear regression estimators.
Performance of parametric survival models under non-random interval censoring: A simulation study.
Kernel continuum regression.
Approximate repeated-measures shrinkage.
Estimation of the volume under the ROC surface with three ordinal diagnostic categories.
Optimizing parameters in clinical trials with a randomized start or withdrawal design.
Multiple break detection in the correlation structure of random variables.
Confidence intervals for ARMA-GARCH Value-at-Risk: The case of heavy tails and skewness.
Derivation of centralized and distributed filters using covariance information.
Regression models for binary time series with gaps.
A studentized range test for the equivalency of normal means under heteroscedasticity.
Heterogeneous demand responses to discrete price changes: an application to the purchase of lottery tickets.
Exact D-optimal designs for a second-order response surface model on a circle with qualitative factors.
Estimation of the optimal design of a nonlinear parametric regression problem via Monte Carlo experiments.
An improved confidence interval for a linear function of binomial proportions.
Building a robust linear model with forward selection and stepwise procedures.
Moment adjusted imputation for multivariate measurement error data with applications to logistic regression.
Interacting sequential Monte Carlo samplers for trans-dimensional simulation.
Separation index and partial membership for clustering.
Nonparametric Bayesian estimation of a bivariate density with interval censored data.
Estimation of the income distribution and detection of subpopulations: An explanatory model.
The Cicchetti-Allison weighting matrix is positive definite.
Bayesian model selection for unit root testing with multiple structural breaks.
Corrigendum to "Nonparametric multiplicative bias correction for kernel-type density estimation on the unit interval" [Comput. Statist. Data Anal. 54 (2010) 473-495].
A bi-aspect nonparametric test for the multi-sample location problem.
Exploratory data analysis and model criticism with posterior plots.
Parameter estimation in the spatial auto-logistic model with working independent subblocks.
Algorithms for approximate linear regression design with application to a first order model with heteroscedasticity.
Bootstrap variants of the Akaike information criterion for mixed model selection.
Robust online signal extraction from multivariate time series.
A Bayesian analysis of dual autoradiographic images.
Estimating classification error rate: Repeated cross-validation, repeated hold-out and bootstrap.
Bayesian sampling plans for exponential distribution based on uniform random censored data.
On computing the distribution function for the Poisson binomial distribution.
Bayesian sample size determination for binary regression with a misclassified covariate and no gold standard.
A fast and objective multidimensional kernel density estimation method: fastKDE.
On the efficient computation of robust regression estimators.
Clustering through empirical likelihood ratio.
Bayesian density estimation and model selection using nonparametric hierarchical mixtures.
Automatic dimensionality selection from the scree plot via the use of profile likelihood.
Collective-agreement-based pruning of ensembles.
Improved interval estimation of long run response from a dynamic linear model: A highest density region approach.
On the accuracy of statistical procedures in Microsoft Excel 2007.
A goodness-of-fit test for parametric models based on dependently truncated data.
Nonparametric estimation of the conditional tail index and extreme quantiles under random censoring.
Moment Ratio estimation of autoregressive/unit root parameters and autocorrelation-consistent standard errors.
The 3rd Special Issue on Optimization Heuristics in Estimation and Modelling Problems.
Bayes estimation for the Marshall-Olkin bivariate Weibull distribution.
Fisher information based progressive censoring plans.
On the combination of transmission/disequilibrium test and mean test for linkage detection using affected sib pairs.
Sequential Monte Carlo estimation of aerosol size distributions.
Financial conditions and nonlinearities in the European Central Bank (ECB) reaction function: In-sample and out-of-sample assessment.
Statistical analysis of small-area data based on independence, spatial, non-hierarchical, and hierarchical models.
Estimation in covariate-adjusted regression.
On multivariate binary data clustering and feature weighting.
Efficient and accurate approximate Bayesian inference with an application to insurance data.
Automatic variable selection for longitudinal generalized linear models.
A sampling algorithm for bandwidth estimation in a nonparametric regression model with a flexible error density.
Editorial: recent developments in mixture models.
Microsoft Excel's 'Not The Wichmann-Hill' random number generators.
On the exact distribution of maximally selected rank statistics.
Supervised classification using probabilistic decision graphs.
Robust smoothing: Smoothing parameter selection and applications to fluorescence spectroscopy.
Robust estimation for the covariance matrix of multivariate time series based on normal mixtures.
Implementing a class of structural change tests: An econometric computing approach.
Maximum likelihood estimation of the mixture of log-concave densities.
A random-effect model approach for group variable selection.
Simultaneous confidence bands for all contrasts of three or more simple linear regression models over an interval.
A Bayesian approach to estimating animal density from binary acoustic transects.
Gaussian component mixtures and CAR models in Bayesian disease mapping.
CART algorithm for spatial data: Application to environmental and ecological data.
Nonparametric estimation of quantile density function.
Very accurate posterior approximations based on finite mixtures of the hyperparameters conditionals.
Application of information-theoretic tests for the analysis of DNA sequences based on Markov chain models.
Least squares estimation of nonlinear spatial trends.
The complementary exponential power lifetime model.
Discrimination of locally stationary time series using wavelets.
A model for non-parametric spatially varying regression effects.
Goodness of fit tests via exponential series density estimation.
Dimensionality reduction approach to multivariate prediction.
Improved frequency selective filters.
A Stahel-Donoho estimator based on huberized outlyingness.
Testing the fit of the logistic model for matched case-control studies.
A cross-validation deletion-substitution-addition model selection algorithm: Application to marginal structural models.
Robust variable selection using least angle regression and elemental set sampling.
Accuracy of Laplace approximation for discrete response mixed models.
Continuous significant linear dimensionality: Geometric interpretation and statistical characteristics.
Accurate estimation with one order statistic.
A bootstrap test for equality of variances.
Estimating residual variance in random forest regression.
Maximum likelihood estimates for positive valued dynamic score models; The DySco package.
Local influence in measurement error models with ridge estimate.
Correlated destructive generalized power series cure rate models and associated inference with an application to a cutaneous melanoma data.
A new minimal training sample scheme for intrinsic Bayes factors in censored data.
Semiparametric regression analysis of multivariate longitudinal data with informative observation times.
Confidence intervals for a common mean with missing data with applications in an AIDS study.
A latent variable model for estimating disease transmission rate from data on household outbreaks.
Modelling using an extended Yule distribution.
Initializing the EM algorithm in Gaussian mixture models with an unknown number of components.
Gaussian processes and limiting linear models.
Implied volatility in oil markets.
Robustness of design for the testing of lack of fit and for estimation in binary response models.
An algorithm for computing exact least-trimmed squares estimate of simple linear regression with constraints.
Simultaneous estimation and factor selection in quantile regression via adaptive sup-norm regularization.
Principal component analysis of binary data by iterated singular value decomposition.
Modeling tails of aggregate economic processes in a stochastic growth model.
Semiparametric mixture: Continuous scale mixture approach.
The liability threshold model for censored twin data.
Approximate predictive densities and their applications in generalized linear models.
Estimation of fractional integration in the presence of data noise.
Series of randomized complete block experiments with non-normal data.
Bayesian spatial prediction of the site index in the study of the Missouri Ozark Forest Ecosystem Project.
Cluster-wise assessment of cluster stability.
A composite likelihood approach for spatially correlated survival data.
Sparse sufficient dimension reduction using optimal scoring.
Regularized quantile regression under heterogeneous sparsity with application to quantitative genetic traits.
Kernel estimation for adjusted p.
GAP: A graphical environment for matrix visualization and cluster analysis.
An empirical likelihood-based method for comparison of treatment effects - Test of equality of coefficients in linear models.
Model-robust designs for split-plot experiments.
Executives' perceived environmental uncertainty shortly after 9/11.
Coordinate ascent for penalized semiparametric regression on high-dimensional panel count data.
Small area estimation with spatial similarity.
Asymptotically efficient estimation of the conditional expected shortfall.
A network flow approach in finding maximum likelihood estimate of high concentration regions.
Multiple change-point detection of multivariate mean vectors with the Bayesian approach.
Robust ANalysis Of VAriance: An approach based on the Forward Search.
A SAS/IML software program for GEE and regression diagnostics.
Generalized method of moments estimation for cointegrated vector autoregressive models.
Mapping electron density in the ionosphere: A principal component MCMC algorithm.
Mixture analysis of multivariate categorical data with covariates and missing entries.
Smoothed rank correlation of the linear transformation regression model.
Bayesian semiparametric model for spatially correlated interval-censored survival data.
Nonparametric conditional hazard rate estimation: A local linear approach.
A fuzzy representation of random variables: An operational tool in exploratory analysis and hypothesis testing.
Chain plot: a tool for exploiting bivariate temporal structures.
Semiparametric analysis of clustered interval-censored survival data with a cure fraction.
Full and conditional likelihood approaches for hazard change-point estimation with truncated and censored data.
An additive penalty <i>P</i>P-Spline approach to derivative estimation.
Mixture ensemble Kalman filters.
A majorization algorithm for simultaneous parameter estimation in robust exploratory factor analysis.
Multivariate regression shrinkage and selection by canonical correlation analysis.
Improved methods for the imputation of missing data by nearest neighbor methods.
Robust descriptive discriminant analysis for repeated measures data.
A lack-of-fit test for quantile regression models with high-dimensional covariates.
Bayesian multiscale analysis of images modeled as Gaussian Markov random fields.
Two-stage designs for identification and estimation of polynomial models.
A hot deck imputation procedure for multiply imputing nonignorable missing data: The proxy pattern-mixture hot deck.
Robust and efficient estimation of effective dose.
Sums, products, and ratios for the bivariate lomax distribution.
Robust distances for outlier-free goodness-of-fit testing.
Design of hybrids for the minimum sum-of-squares clustering problem.
Testing for ellipsoidal symmetry: A comparison study.
A Bayesian hierarchical model for estimating and partitioning Bernstein polynomial density functions.
Parametrization and penalties in spline models with an application to survival analysis.
A bootstrap test for symmetry based on ranked set samples.
Testing the equality of proportions for correlated otolaryngologic data.
Editorial.
Geoadditive expectile regression.
Confidence interval construction for the Youden index based on partially validated series.
Minimum MSE regression estimator with estimated population quantities of auxiliary variables.
Flexible modelling of random effects in linear mixed models - A Bayesian approach.
Functional regression approximate Bayesian computation for Gaussian process density estimation.
Maximum likelihood estimation for constrained parameters of multinomial distributions - Application to Zipf-Mandelbrot models.
Variable selection in model-based clustering: A general variable role modeling.
Semiparametric and nonparametric analysis of recurrent events with observation gaps.
Accurate ensemble pruning with PL-bagging.
Optimization heuristics for determining internal rating grading scales.
Model selection and model averaging after multiple imputation.
On sufficient dimension reduction for proportional censorship model with covariates.
Likelihood-free Bayesian estimation of multivariate quantile distributions.
Texture modelling by discrete distribution mixtures.
Multivariate modelling of long memory processes with common components.
A modified Gram-Schmidt-based downdating technique for ULV decompositions with applications to recursive TLS problems.
Two types of single-peaked data: Correspondence analysis as an alternative to principal component analysis.
Comparison of time series using subsampling.
Modelling and forecasting wind speed intensity for weather risk management.
The robustness of the hyperbolic efficiency estimator.
Mixtures of weighted distance-based models for ranking data with applications in political studies.
A quantile approach to the power transformed location-scale model.
A Bayesian analysis for longitudinal semicontinuous data with an application to an acupuncture clinical trial.
Gaussian mixture model classification: A projection pursuit approach.
Latent profile analysis with nonnormal mixtures: A Monte Carlo examination of model selection using fit indices.
On quantile quantile plots for generalized linear models.
Centre and Range method for fitting a linear regression model to symbolic interval data.
Indirect inference methods for stochastic volatility models based on non-Gaussian Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes.
Alternative approaches to implementing Lagrange multiplier tests for serial correlation in dynamic regression models.
Exact methods for variable selection in principal component analysis: Guide functions and pre-selection.
Robust regression estimation and inference in the presence of cellwise and casewise contamination.
Design of experiments for bivariate binary responses modelled by Copula functions.
Group variable selection and estimation in the tobit censored response model.
Pairwise likelihood inference for ordinal categorical time series.
Reproducibility of genotypes as measured by the affymetrix GeneChip<sup>&#174;</sup> 100K Human Mapping Array set.
Direct maximization of the likelihood of a hidden Markov model.
Robust variable selection through MAVE.
Economical generalized neighbor designs for use in Serology.
Computation of the ARL for CUSUM-S.
Estimation and prediction from gamma distribution based on record values.
Bootstrap-based tests for deterministic time-varying coefficients in regression models.
Bounding maximum likelihood estimates based on incomplete ordered data.
Robust inference in generalized partially linear models.
Bias-adjusted estimation in the ARX(1) model.
Sufficient bootstrapping.
Fitting general stochastic volatility models using Laplace accelerated sequential importance sampling.
Information ratio test for model misspecification on parametric structures in stochastic diffusion models.
Semiparametric GMM estimation and variable selection in dynamic panel data models with fixed effects.
The beta Burr XII distribution with application to lifetime data.
Generalized spatial dynamic factor models.
An efficient method of estimating the true value of a population characteristic from its discrepant estimates.
Likelihood inference in generalized linear mixed models with two components of dispersion using data cloning.
Investigations into refinements of Storey's method of multiple hypothesis testing minimising the FDR, and its application to test binomial data.
The Poisson-exponential lifetime distribution.
Bayesian sample size determination for case-control studies with misclassification.
Making inferences about past environmental change using smoothing in multiple time scales.
Fuzzy multidimensional scaling.
Bayesian nonparametric multiple testing.
A note on the properties of power-transformed returns in long-memory stochastic volatility models with leverage effect.
Input selection and shrinkage in multiresponse linear regression.
Choosing cross-over designs when few subjects are available.
A new semiparametric estimation method for accelerated hazards mixture cure model.
Nonparametric and Robust Methods.
On the choice of test for a unit root when the errors are conditionally heteroskedastic.
Bayesian model checking for multivariate outcome data.
L&eacute;vy flight approximations for scaled transformations of random walks.
Minimum quadratic distance density estimation using nonparametric mixtures.
Detection of unknown computer worms based on behavioral classification of the host.
OLS with multiple high dimensional category variables.
BLUP in the nested panel regression model with serially correlated errors.
Forecasting inflation and GDP growth using heuristic optimisation of information criteria and variable reduction methods.
Conditional-mean least-squares fitting of Gaussian Markov random fields to Gaussian fields.
Variable selection in the additive rate model for recurrent event data.
Improved biclustering of microarray data demonstrated through systematic performance tests.
Effect of imbalance and intracluster correlation coefficient in cluster randomized trials with binary outcomes.
A generalization of Tyler's M-estimators to the case of incomplete data.
Analysis of dependent competing risks in the presence of progressive hybrid censoring using Marshall-Olkin bivariate Weibull distribution.
Robust weighted kernel logistic regression in imbalanced and rare events data.
An empirical assessment of ranking accuracy in ranked set sampling.
Semi-parametric nonlinear regression and transformation using functional networks.
Multivariate distributions with correlation matrices for nonlinear repeated measurements.
A path sampling identity for computing the Kullback-Leibler and J divergences.
A simple method of computing the sample size for Chi-square test for the equality of multinomial distributions.
Model free feature screening for ultrahigh dimensional data with responses missing at random.
Model-sensitive sequential optimal designs.
Least-squares estimation of a convex discrete distribution.
A 2D wavelet-based multiscale approach with applications to the analysis of digital mammograms.
Statistical inference on attributed random graphs: Fusion of graph features and content.
Gaussian process for nonstationary time series prediction.
Improving the efficiency of individualized designs for the mixed logit choice model by including covariates.
Robust estimation in partially linear errors-in-variables models.
Update formulas for split-plot and block designs.
Subset selection for vector autoregressive processes using Lasso.
Predictive inference for a future response using symmetrically trimmed sample from the half-normal model.
A class of inference procedures for validating the generalized Koziol-Green model with recurrent events.
A mixed effects log-linear model based on the Birnbaum-Saunders distribution.
Marginal analysis of multivariate failure time data with a surviving fraction based on semiparametric transformation cure models.
BOPA: A Bayesian hierarchical model for outlier expression detection.
Waiting time distribution of generalized later patterns.
Likelihood-ratio tests for normality.
PLS path modeling.
Statistical Learning Methods Including Dimensionality Reduction.
Nonparametric estimation in &#945;-series processes.
A bandwidth selection for kernel density estimation of functions of random variables.
An illustration of Cox's non-nested testing procedure for logit and probit models.
Bayesian sequential D-D optimal model-robust designs.
Negative binomial mixed models for analysis of stuttering rates.
The ability to correct the bias in the stable AD(1, 1) model with a feedback effect.
Chebyshev approximation of log-determinants of spatial weight matrices.
Exact computation of the null distribution of a test for multiple outliers in an exponential sample.
An EWMA chart for monitoring the process standard deviation when parameters are estimated.
A semiparametric nonlinear mixed-effects model with non-ignorable missing data and measurement errors for HIV viral data.
A class of composite designs for response surface methodology.
A non-parametric iterative smoothing method for benchmarking and temporal distribution.
Gaussian process hyper-parameter estimation using Parallel Asymptotically Independent Markov Sampling.
Extensions of simple component analysis and simple linear discriminant analysis using genetic algorithms.
A pairwise likelihood approach for longitudinal data with missing observations in both response and covariates.
A semiparametric model selection criterion with applications to the marginal structural model.
A hyper-Poisson regression model for overdispersed and underdispersed count data.
A hierarchical modeling approach for clustering probability density functions.
Screening active factors in supersaturated designs.
Regression analysis of clustered interval-censored failure time data with informative cluster size.
Sampling Archimedean copulas.
Smooth-CAR mixed models for spatial count data.
Censored generalized Poisson regression model.
Optimal s.
Simple tests for peakedness, fat tails and leptokurtosis based on quantiles.
A Bayesian approach to sample size determination for studies designed to evaluate continuous medical tests.
Bootstrap and fast double bootstrap tests of cointegration rank with financial time series.
Nearest neighbours in least-squares data imputation algorithms with different missing patterns.
<i>M</i>M-type smoothing spline estimators for principal functions.
SMILE: A novel dissimilarity-based procedure for detecting sparse-specific profiles in sparse contingency tables.
The effect of the prior distribution in the Bayesian Adjustment for Confounding algorithm.
On biological validity indices for soft clustering algorithms for gene expression data.
Model-based classification via mixtures of multivariate t-distributions.
Comparison of two normal populations with restricted means.
State space mixed models for binary responses with scale mixture of normal distributions links.
Special issue on Bayesian econometrics.
Robust closed-form estimators for the integer-valued GARCH (1, 1) model.
Variational Bayesian inference for the Latent Position Cluster Model for network data.
Stepwise multiple tests for successive comparisons of treatment effects.
Efficient Bayesian inference for stochastic time-varying copula models.
A simulation study comparing methods for calculating confidence intervals for directly standardized rates.
New goodness-of-fit tests for the error distribution of autoregressive time-series models.
A plug-in rule for bandwidth selection in circular density estimation.
Parametric and nonparametric Bayesian model specification: A case study involving models for count data.
Statistical designs for two-color microarray experiments involving technical replication.
On estimation of a heteroscedastic measurement error model under heavy-tailed distributions.
Meta-analysis of time-to-event outcomes using a hazard-based approach: Comparison with other models, robustness and meta-regression.
Stable estimation of a covariance matrix guided by nuclear norm penalties.
Learning partial ordinal class memberships with kernel-based proportional odds models.
Behavior of EWMA type control charts for small smoothing parameters.
Adjusted quasi-maximum likelihood estimator for mixed regressive, spatial autoregressive model and its small sample bias.
Editorial for the special issue on quantile regression and semiparametric methods.
Robust tests for linear regression models based on &#964;-estimates.
Extended stochastic volatility models incorporating realised measures.
Choice of generalized linear mixed models using predictive crossvalidation.
A new similarity measure for nonlocal filtering in the presence of multiplicative noise.
A Bayesian approach to seriation problems in archaeology.
Likelihood inference for small area estimation using data cloning.
Recursive estimation in econometrics.
Partially parametric interval estimation of $Pr\{Y&gt;X\}$.
Robust ranking of multivariate GARCH models by problem dimension.
PLS generalised linear regression.
Book review.
Some variants of adaptive sampling procedures and their applications.
Practical representations of incomplete probabilistic knowledge.
Robust estimation under progressive censoring.
Logical operators of some statistical computing packages and missing values.
Semiparametric Bayes hierarchical models with mean and variance constraints.
Numerical maximum log likelihood estimation for generalized lambda distributions.
Generalized interval estimation for the Birnbaum-Saunders distribution.
Additive two-way hazards model with varying coefficients.
Inferences and power analysis concerning two negative binomial distributions with an application to MRI lesion counts data.
Improved tests of independence in singly-ordered two-way contingency tables.
New upper bounds for tight and fast approximation of Fisher's exact test in dependency rule mining.
A note on mean-field variational approximations in Bayesian probit models.
On Bayesian estimation and model comparison of an integrated structural equation model.
A flexible and automated likelihood based framework for inference in stochastic volatility models.
Finite-sample bootstrap inference in GARCH models with heavy-tailed innovations.
Modeling epigenetic modifications under multiple treatment conditions.
Comparison of estimates using record statistics from Weibull model: Bayesian and non-Bayesian approaches.
Using the Bayesian Shtarkov solution for predictions.
Optimization in a multivariate generalized linear model situation.
Bayesian inference and prediction of the inverse Weibull distribution for Type-II censored data.
Confidence interval estimation of a common correlation coefficient.
An efficient computing strategy for prediction in mixed linear models.
Three-way fuzzy clustering models for LR fuzzy time trajectories.
Approximate posterior distributions for convolutional two-level hidden Markov models.
Identify LD blocks based on hierarchical spatial data.
SiZer analysis for the comparison of regression curves.
A method of simulating multivariate nonnormal distributions by the Pearson distribution system and estimation.
Model-based clustering for longitudinal data.
Detecting influential observations in Kernel PCA.
Identifying differentially expressed genes in unreplicated multiple-treatment microarray timecourse experiments.
Semiparametric regression models with additive nonparametric components and high dimensional parametric components.
A sparse matrix approach to Bayesian computation in large linear models.
Notes on estimation of proportion ratio under a non-compliance randomized trial with missing outcomes.
Two-sample tests of the equality of two cumulative incidence functions.
Variable selection via combined penalization for high-dimensional data analysis.
A comparison of semiparametric estimators for the ordered response model.
Covariate selection in mixture models with the censored response variable.
Parameter estimation for multivariate diffusion systems.
Sampling designs via a multivariate hypergeometric-Dirichlet process model for a multi-species assemblage with unknown heterogeneity.
High finite-sample efficiency and robustness based on distance-constrained maximum likelihood.
Power series generalized nonlinear models.
Efficient semiparametric estimation via Cholesky decomposition for longitudinal data.
The uncertainty of conditional returns, volatilities and correlations in DCC models.
A statistical approach to high-throughput screening of predicted orthologs.
Recursive computation of piecewise constant volatilities.
A data-based method for selecting tuning parameters in minimum distance estimators.
Strict monotonicity and convergence rate of Titterington's algorithm for computing D-optimal designs.
Robustness properties of A.
Sparse estimation of high-dimensional correlation matrices.
Combining functions and the closure principle for performing follow-up tests in functional analysis of variance.
A transdimensional approximate Bayesian computation using the pseudo-marginal approach for model choice.
Comparison of concordance correlation coefficient via variance components, generalized estimating equations and weighted approaches with model selection.
Generating beta random numbers and Dirichlet random vectors in R: The package rBeta2009.
Nonparametric kernel density estimation near the boundary.
Obtaining similar null distributions in the normal linear model using computational methods.
Teaching statistics with Excel 2007 and other spreadsheets.
Web-based statistical system by using the DLL.
Nonnegative bias reduction methods for density estimation using asymmetric kernels.
Dependent mixture models: Clustering and borrowing information.
A systematic comparison of methods for combining p.
Stochastic dominance with imprecise information.
Dependent mixtures of Dirichlet processes.
Data augmentation and parameter expansion for independent or spatially correlated ordinal data.
Constructing and reading mosaicplots.
On the Use of the Terms Repeatability and Reproducibility Regarding "Reproducibility of genotypes as measured by the Affymetrix GeneChip(R) 100 K Human Mapping Array Set" by Fridley and colleagues (2008) Comput. Stat. Data Anal. 52: 5367-5374
Practical estimation of high dimensional stochastic differential mixed-effects models.
Covariance structure regularization via entropy loss function.
Approximate maximum likelihood estimation of the Bingham distribution.
Prediction of sea surface temperature in the tropical Atlantic by support vector machines.
Choosing starting values for the EM algorithm for getting the highest likelihood in multivariate Gaussian mixture models.
Ordinal Logic Regression: A classifier for discovering combinations of binary markers for ordinal outcomes.
A note on the exact test based on the Baumgartner-Wei&szlig;-Schindler statistic in the presence of ties.
Fitting piecewise linear threshold autoregressive models by means of genetic algorithms.
Vine-copula GARCH model with dynamic conditional dependence.
Generalized exponential-power series distributions.
Sliced mean variance-covariance inverse regression.
ANOVA extensions for mixed discrete and continuous data.
Estimating discrete Markov models from various incomplete data schemes.
Automatic approximation of the marginal likelihood in non-Gaussian hierarchical models.
How to compare small multivariate samples using nonparametric tests.
Semiparametric regression analysis of panel count data allowing for within-subject correlation.
Likelihood-based confidence intervals for the risk ratio using double sampling with over-reported binary data.
Group coordinate descent algorithms for nonconvex penalized regression.
Comparing non-stationary and irregularly spaced time series.
Inference for longitudinal data with nonignorable nonmonotone missing responses.
An application of the TRAMO-SEATS automatic procedure; direct versus indirect adjustment.
Unbiased regression trees for longitudinal and clustered data.
Recursive partitioning for missing data imputation in the presence of interaction effects.
Regression of a data matrix on descriptors of both its rows and of its columns via latent variables: L-PLSR.
Corrigendum to "Bayesian test for asymmetry and nonstationarity in MTAR model with possibly incomplete data": [Computational Statistics and Data Analysis 49/4 (2005) 1192-1204].
Bayesian semiparametric modeling of survival data based on mixtures of B-spline distributions.
The likelihood ratio test for hidden Markov models in two-sample problems.
Plasmode simulation for the evaluation of pharmacoepidemiologic methods in complex healthcare databases.
On the glog-normal distribution and its application to the gene expression problem.
Nonnegative-lasso and application in index tracking.
Nonparametric density estimation and clustering in astronomical sky surveys.
Nonparametric density estimation for multivariate bounded data using two non-negative multiplicative bias correction methods.
Overall and pairwise segregation tests based on nearest neighbor contingency tables.
Dynamic GSCANO (Generalized Structured Canonical Correlation Analysis) with applications to the analysis of effective connectivity in functional neuroimaging data.
Improved inference on a scalar fixed effect of interest in nonlinear mixed-effects models.
Unobserved component models with asymmetric conditional variances.
Modeling the random effects covariance matrix for generalized linear mixed models.
Generating generalized inverse Gaussian random variates by fast inversion.
On the choice of the smoothing parameter for the BHEP goodness-of-fit test.
A Bayesian semiparametric regression model for reliability data using effective age.
A new variable selection approach using Random Forests.
Mixed model regression mapping for QTL detection in experimental crosses.
Coverage probability of prediction intervals for discrete random variables.
Classification of functional data: A segmentation approach.
It's easy to produce chartjunk using Microsoft<sup>&reg;</sup>Excel 2007 but hard to make good graphs.
Generalized beta-generated distributions.
Classification methods for Hilbert data based on surrogate density.
Destructive weighted Poisson cure rate models with bivariate random effects: Classical and Bayesian approaches.
A Markov basis for conditional test of common diagonal effect in quasi-independence model for square contingency tables.
Unbiased generalized quasi-regression.
Bayesian model selection for logistic regression models with random intercept.
Maximum likelihood estimation of mixtures of factor analyzers.
A modified PLS path modeling algorithm handling reflective categorical variables and a new model building strategy.
GS-distributions: A new family of distributions for continuous unimodal variables.
Practical simulation and estimation for Gibbs Delaunay-Voronoi tessellations with geometric hardcore interaction.
Polynomial Trendline function flaws in Microsoft Excel.
Techniques for generic probabilistic inversion.
Goodness of fit test for discrete random variables.
Robust methods for inferring sparse network structures.
A stickiness coefficient for longitudinal data.
Efficient computation of the quasi likelihood function for discretely observed diffusion processes.
On a fast, robust estimator of the mode: Comparisons to other robust estimators with applications.
Nonconservative exact small-sample inference for discrete data.
Practical variable selection for generalized additive models.
On sufficient conditions for mean residual life and related orders.
Functionally induced priors for componentwise Gibbs sampler in the analysis of supersaturated designs.
Globally robust confidence intervals for simple linear regression.
Better biplots.
A Bayesian approach to estimate the marginal loss distributions in operational risk management.
Fast computation of large scale marginal extremes with multi-dimensional covariates.
Maximum entropy and least square error minimizing procedures for estimating missing conditional probabilities in Bayesian networks.
On Liu's simplicial depth and Randles' interdirections.
Simulation smoothing for state-space models: A computational efficiency analysis.
Improved statistical inference for the two-parameter Birnbaum-Saunders distribution.
Default Bayesian model determination methods for generalised linear mixed models.
Generalized nonlinear models and variance function estimation.
A Bayesian model averaging approach to analyzing categorical data with nonignorable nonresponse.
Semiparametric indirect utility and consumer demand.
Count data regression charts for the monitoring of surveillance time series.
Pairwise likelihood inference in spatial generalized linear mixed models.
Fast integer-valued algorithms for optimal allocations under constraints in stratified sampling.
Impartial trimmed k-means for functional data.
Simultaneous confidence intervals for comparisons of several multinomial samples.
A new MM algorithm for constrained estimation in the proportional hazards model.
Dimension-reduced nonparametric maximum likelihood computation for interval-censored data.
Power analysis of database search using multiple scoring matrices.
Approximation of multiple integrals over hyperboloids with application to a quadratic portfolio with options.
Pseudo R-squared measures for Poisson regression models with over- or underdispersion.
Maximum likelihood estimation in vector long memory processes via EM algorithm.
Using integrated weighted survival difference for the two-sample censored data problem.
Standardising the lift of an association rule.
Arbitrarily shaped multiple spatial cluster detection for case event data.
Variable selection by Random Forests using data with missing values.
Robust mixture modeling based on scale mixtures of skew-normal distributions.
Fast and robust discriminant analysis.
Sample size methods for constructing confidence intervals for the intra-class correlation coefficient.
A joint test for structural stability and a unit root in autoregressions.
Mixture of two inverse Weibull distributions: Properties and estimation.
An efficient proposal distribution for Metropolis-Hastings using a B-splines technique.
Bayesian binary kernel probit model for microarray based cancer classification and gene selection.
Simultaneous confidence intervals for ratios of means of several lognormal distributions: A parametric bootstrap approach.
Correlation rank screening for ultrahigh-dimensional survival data.
Additive prediction and boosting for functional data.
Improved testing inference in mixed linear models.
Model-based cluster and discriminant analysis with the MIXMOD software.
Bundling classifiers by bagging trees.
Statistically appraising process quality of affinity isolation experiments.
Bayesian prediction of the transient behaviour and busy period in short- and long-tailed GI/G/1 queueing systems.
Independent Multiresolution Component Analysis and Matching Pursuit.
Special Issue in Honour of Stan Azen: a Birthday Celebration.
On generalised asymmetric stochastic volatility models.
Ascent EM for fast and global solutions to finite mixtures: An application to curve-clustering of online auctions.
Estimation of linear target-layer trajectories using cluttered point cloud data.
Error rates for multivariate outlier detection.
Robust estimating equations and bias correction of correlation parameters for longitudinal data.
Alternative approaches to study lifetime data under different scenarios: from the PH to the modified semiparametric AFT model.
An EM algorithm for the proportional hazards model with doubly censored data.
A-minimax and D-minimax robust optimal designs for approximately linear Haar-wavelet models.
A study of variable selection using g-prior distribution with ridge parameter.
Testing hypothesis for a simple ordering in incomplete contingency tables.
Exact statistical power for response adaptive designs.
Testing homogeneity of risk difference in stratified randomized trials with noncompliance.
A flexible spatial scan test for case event data.
Grapham: Graphical models with adaptive random walk Metropolis algorithms.
Local minima in categorical multiple regression.
Bayesian inference of Weibull distribution based on left truncated and right censored data.
Bayesian and profile likelihood change point methods for modeling cognitive function over time.
A wavelet-based approach to test for financial market contagion.
Identification of differentially expressed spatial clusters using humoral response microarray data.
Bayesian analysis of a generalized lognormal distribution.
A goodness-of-fit test for normality based on polynomial regression.
A Bayesian multivariate probit for ordinal data with semiparametric random-effects.
Efficient methods for estimating constrained parameters with applications to regularized (lasso) logistic regression.
A control chart based on likelihood ratio test for detecting patterned mean and variance shifts.
Reversible Jump MCMC in mixtures of normal distributions with the same component means.
Hidden hybrid Markov/semi-Markov chains.
Deletion, replacement and mean-shift for diagnostics in linear mixed models.
Analysis of Type-II progressively hybrid censored data.
Computing and using residuals in time series models.
Generalised interval estimation in the random effects meta regression model.
A coordinate descent MM algorithm for fast computation of sparse logistic PCA.
A &#946;-expectation tolerance interval for general balanced mixed linear models.
A software framework for data analysis.
The distribution of Pearson residuals in generalized linear models.
Testing and estimation of purely nonparametric effects in repeated measures designs.
Penalized solutions to functional regression problems.
Isotonic single-index model for high-dimensional database marketing.
A three-way clusterwise multidimensional unfolding procedure for the spatial representation of context dependent preferences.
